[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenian Citizenship and Passport 2024 

Armenian citizenship offers numerous benefits, including the ability to
hold dual nationality and multiple passports simultaneously. The
Armenian passport provides visa-free travel to 69 countries, such as
Russia, China, Iran, and the UAE. Citizenship can be easily transferred
to future generations, ensuring a lasting connection to Armenia. The
naturalization process is quick, simple, and inexpensive, with minimal
documentation requirements and expedited services available. Armenian
citizens have the privilege of owning land, and can access various
government support programs in education, healthcare, and welfare.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Benefits and Advantages of Armenian Citizenship
2.  Eligibility Criteria for an Armenian Passport
3.  Legal Procedures and Documentation
4.  Special Considerations (Military Registration, Taxes, Rejections)
5.  Other Practical Information

1. Benefits and Advantages of Armenian Citizenship

Armenian citizenship offers a wide range of advantages that can
significantly enhance your freedom of movement, economic opportunities,
and overall quality of life. With an Armenian passport, you gain access
to visa-free travel to numerous countries, the ability to hold dual
citizenship, and a quick and cost-effective naturalization process.
Additionally, Armenian citizens enjoy the privilege of owning land,
preferential treatment in EAEU countries, and various government support
programs. Citizenship can also be transferred to future generations,
ensuring a lasting connection to Armenia and providing your family with
increased freedom and security.

Freedom of Movement and Travel

-   Valuable Travel Document. As of 2024, the Armenian passport ranks
    74th according to Henley & Partners Passport Index, and allows
    visa-free travel to 69 countries, including places with limited
    access to nationals of Western countries, such as Russia, China,
    Iran, UAE, Uzbekistan, and others. The EU/Schengen countries still
    have a visa regime with Armenia, but visa-free travel may become
    possible in a few years. The United States offers 10-year B visas to
    Armenian citizens as well as E-2 business visas.
-   Dual Citizenship Permitted. Armenia has expressly allowed dual
    citizenship for its citizens, meaning that it is possible to hold
    more than one passport at the same time.
-   Quick, Simple, and Inexpensive Naturalization Process. The process
    of acquiring an Armenian passport typically takes about four months.
    Once your application is approved, you can receive your Armenian
    passport and national ID in a matter of days. Minimal documents are
    required, and police certificates, proof of address, and tax returns
    are not necessary. Government fees are also low, even when using
    optional fast-track services.
-   Easy Renunciation. If you ever decide to give up your Armenian
    citizenship, it is easy to do so as long as you have no outstanding
    debts or obligations to the government.

Economic Benefits

-   Land Ownership. As an Armenian citizen, you have the privilege of
    owning agricultural, forest, and other types of land in Armenia,
    which is generally not available to foreigners.
-   Preferential Treatment in EAEU Countries. Because of the free
    movement of labor in EAEU countries (Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan,
    Kyrgyzstan, Armenia), citizens of Armenia are exempt from work
    permit requirements and can take advantage of preferential treatment
    in areas of labor law, social protection, medical treatment,
    taxation, immigration, and more.
-   Government Support. Armenia offers a range of social programs for
    its citizens, including government-financed education and medical
    treatment, welfare benefits for the elderly, disabled, and other
    classes of socially vulnerable people.
-   Tax Benefits. By moving your residence to Armenia or obtaining a tax
    residency certificate, you can access significant tax benefits.
    These include no capital gains tax on securities, real estate, or
    other assets; tax exemptions on certain types of income such as
    insurance and pension payments; no inheritance or gift taxes; and
    reduced tax liabilities on global income due to double taxation
    agreements with around 50 countries.

Social Advantages

-   Citizenship Transfers to Future Generations. After acquiring
    Armenian citizenship, your minor children can automatically receive
    Armenian passports, and your spouse may become eligible to apply for
    citizenship. According to Armenian law, a child born to an Armenian
    father or mother can easily acquire Armenian citizenship, regardless
    of their place of birth or residence. In other words, your children
    and grandchildren will be eligible to obtain Armenian passports even
    if they do not live in Armenia.
-   Increased Freedom and Opportunities. Holding a second passport can
    provide you with more freedom and opportunities, and can serve as a
    valuable "insurance policy." Armenia is known for its safety and low
    crime rates. If the economic or political situation in your home
    country deteriorates, having an Armenian passport can allow you and
    your family to temporarily or permanently move to Armenia.
    Additionally, a second passport can help you avoid problems arising
    from your country's foreign policies and domestic regulations, such
    as banking difficulties or increased tax burdens. It can also be
    useful for privacy or in situations where your first passport is
    expired, lost, or confiscated. Lastly, a second passport is
    necessary if you ever decide to renounce your current citizenship.

2. Eligibility Criteria for an Armenian Passport

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Legal Basis     | Residency       | Knowledge of    | Knowledge of    |
|                 |                 | Armenian        | Armenian        |
|                 |                 | Language        | Constitution    |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Ethnicity       | No              | No              | No              |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Having an       | 365 days over   | No              | Yes             |
| Armenian spouse | the last 2      |                 |                 |
|                 | years           |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Having an       | No              | No              | Yes             |
| Armenian child  |                 |                 |                 |
| or parent       |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residency       | Three years     | Yes             | Yes             |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| By Exception    | No              | No              | No              |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

[]

CITIZENSHIP BY DESCENT (ARMENIAN ETHNICITY)

While ethnic Armenians are exempt from meeting language or residency
requirements for Armenian citizenship, certain formal requirements must
be met to establish Armenian origin. An Armenian name or fluency in the
language is insufficient. You must produce a document proving that you,
your parent, or grandparent are of Armenian ethnicity. The most common
way to do this is by presenting a baptism certificate from a church
organization that confirms Armenian ethnicity. In some countries,
government-issued documents such as birth certificates or family records
may also indicate Armenian ethnicity. A list of accepted churches whose
baptism certificates are recognized by the government is available in
Annex 4 to Government Decree No. 1390/2007 (in Armenian). If it is
uncertain whether your church is on the approved list of church
organizations, you may need to obtain a confirmation letter from one of
the following authorities: the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin, Holy See
of Cilicia, Armenian Evangelical Church, or Armenian Catholic Church.
In line with recent changes to the citizenship law, dioceses in Armenia
have been added to the list of authorized dioceses that can issue
baptism certificates for citizenship-by-descent applications. As a
result, churches within Armenia now have the authority to issue such
certificates, which can also include a notation indicating the
applicant's Armenian ethnicity.
While the Armenian law does not provide a complete list of documents to
prove Armenian origin, it is crucial that the document is legalized by
the Armenian embassy/consulate in the issuing country. For example, if a
baptism certificate is used to establish Armenian origin it needs to be
certified by the Armenian embassy before applying for citizenship. A
certified copy of your birth certificate in Armenian will also be
required.
According to article 47 of the 2015 Constitution, ethnic Armenians can
obtain citizenship upon moving to Armenia. Suggested amendments to the
Citizenship Law were published by the National Security Service (NSS)
that may make it more difficult for ethnic Armenians to apply for
citizenship. The NSS recommends restricting eligibility to those with a
residence permit, but it is uncertain if/when these changes will be
approved. To take advantage of current, more liberal regulations, it is
advisable to proceed with the petition promptly.

[]

CITIZENSHIP THROUGH RESDIENCY

If you have been living in Armenia permanently for the past three years,
you are eligible to apply for Armenian citizenship. However, the term
"permanent resident" is not clearly defined by the Citizenship Law. In
practice, the police will accept and process a citizenship application
if the applicant has maintained an Armenian residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) during the three-year period.
In addition to the residency requirement, you will need to pass a test
on your knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. This is a
multiple-choice test with 33 questions, and you only need to answer 17
of them correctly to pass. The test is administered in Armenian, and you
will be asked to fill out a biographic form in Armenian as well. This
means that you may need to spend some time (perhaps a couple of months)
learning basic Armenian.
It is important to note that meeting the above requirements does not
guarantee that your citizenship application will be approved. If your
application is rejected, you can reapply after one year. Additionally,
if your application is rejected, you can appeal the decision in court.
However, administrative court proceedings are likely to take up to one
year or even longer.
Investing, setting up a business, working, or studying in Armenia may
grant you lawful residency. For more information, check the residency
page.
For more information, please check this page on citizenship by
residency.

[]

CITIZENSHIP BY EXCEPTION (INVESTMENT)

Citizenship by exception can be granted in 2-3 months to those who
provide exceptional services, including substantial donations or
investments. The Prime Minister's office can directly present candidates
to the President, and each case is evaluated on individual merits.
Factors that may influence the decision include investment size,
charitable contributions, job creation, tax payment, nationality, and
ties to the country. More information on recent developments is
available on our page here.

[]

CITIZENSHIP FOR MINORS

If you are an Armenian citizen, you can request immediate citizenship
for your minor children. However, if you do not live in Armenia, the
consent of the child's other parent may be required, and if the child is
14 years old or older, his/her consent is also necessary. Passports for
children can be issued without your presence if you provide a power of
attorney to your lawyer or other representative in Armenia. Starting in
2018, it became possible for an ethnic Armenian child to obtain Armenian
citizenship even if neither parent is an Armenian citizen.

[]

CITIZENSHIP FOR SPOUSES, ADULT CHILDREN, AND PARENTS

Spouses of Armenian citizens may apply for citizenship if they meet two
criteria: the marriage must have been registered for at least two years,
and they must have resided in Armenia for at least 365 days during that
period. In practice, the application will be accepted if the spouse has
maintained an Armenian residence permit throughout this time, regardless
of the actual days spent in Armenia.
If you have an adult child who is an Armenian national, you are eligible
to apply for citizenship regardless of your marital status. This is a
separate legal basis for citizenship application. Note that in certain
cases, the Passport Office may require a marriage certificate to
establish paternity. Additionally, if one of your parents holds Armenian
citizenship, you are eligible to apply for citizenship based on their
status, which serves as another legal ground for your application.
Before submitting your application, you must pass a multiple-choice test
on the knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. The test consists of 33
questions, and you need to answer at least 17 correctly to pass. If you
do not speak Armenian, you may be accompanied by a licensed translator
to assist with translating the questions.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

3. Legal Procedures and Documentation

[]

STEP-BY-STEP PROCESS, TIMELINE, AND REQUIRED DOCUMENTS

The steps, timeline, and required documents will depend on the nature
and legal basis of your application. In general, you will need to follow
these steps:
Step 1 - Prepare Documents. This step involves obtaining the necessary
documents, such as a birth certificate, marriage certificate, proof of
Armenian ethnicity or other relevant documents. These documents may
require additional certification such as consular legalization or
Apostille. It is also necessary to provide biographical information to
complete the required application forms.
Step 2 - Book an Appointment. Currently, the Immigration Office mandates
that all appointments be scheduled in advance using an online booking
system (https://migration.e-gov.am/en/). The waiting periods for these
appointments may range from a few weeks to a few months.
Step 3 - Visit Armenia. For applicants who choose to file their
citizenship applications at an Armenian embassy or consular office
abroad, the process may take longer as the required documents will have
to be sent to Armenia and returned. If you choose to file your
application in person at the Passport Office in Armenia, the duration of
your stay will depend on your individual circumstances. Typically, a 2-3
day stay in Armenia should be sufficient for the translation of
documents and the filing of the application. It is advisable to check
the visa requirements for your country and whether an invitation letter
is needed before filing your application.
Step 4 - Submit the Citizenship Application. It is required to submit
the application in person at the Passport Office. It is recommended to
have a lawyer accompany you to ensure a smooth process. Supporting
documents must also be submitted at this stage, and it is important to
note that if you are applying based on residency or marriage to an
Armenian citizen, you will be required to take a test on knowledge of
the Armenian Constitution.
Step 5 - Track the Application Status. Once an application for
citizenship is submitted, it will usually take up to 90 business days
for processing. The application will be evaluated by both the Police and
the National Security Service. If these agencies issue a negative
opinion, the case will be referred to the Citizenship Committee for
further review, which could extend the process to 6 months. If there are
any questions or concerns about the documents submitted, the security
officers may contact the applicant or their lawyer to request additional
information or documents. Once a decision is made, the Passport Office
will notify the applicant or lawyer, and it is also possible to check
the status of the application online at https://passportvisa.police.am/.
Step 6. Visit the Passport Office. Once your citizenship is granted, you
will need to visit Armenia again to apply for and receive your passport
and national ID card. This process usually takes 3-8 business days,
depending on whether you need to register with the military office and
whether you are willing to pay additional fees for expedited services.
However, since June 25, 2022, the law now allows first-time applicants
to obtain their passports at Armenian embassies/consulates abroad. If
you have an obligation to register with the Military Office, it may be
more convenient to apply for your passport at an Armenian embassy or
consulate.
Step 7. Register with Military Office. If you are a male under the age
of 55, it is likely that you will have to register with the military
office in Armenia. If you have served in the military of another
country, it is recommended that you bring a legalized document (consular
legalization or Apostille) confirming this. The military registration
process in Armenia usually takes 3-5 days. It may be a good idea to
apply for your passport and undergo the military registration process at
an Armenian embassy or consulate, even though this will make the process
longer.
Step 8. Apply for a Passport and an ID card. Currently, when applying
for an Armenian passport, you have the option to choose between a
regular passport or a biometric one. The process of obtaining a regular
passport may take up to three weeks, unless you opt for a fast-track
service which will allow you to receive your passport or ID card on the
next business day, or in three to five business days. During this stage,
you will also have to register your address, and if you want to register
a local Armenian address, you may need to provide proof of residence
(such as a lease agreement or owner's consent). It is important to note
that the issuance of biometric passports is currently suspended and only
regular passports are issued.
Step 9. Take the Oath and Collect the Passport. The applicant will be
given a specific date and time (usually at 4 PM) to appear at the
Passport Office to collect their passport and ID card. Before receiving
the documents, the applicant will be required to sign an oath of
allegiance to Armenia.

[]

ADDRESS REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS

All Armenian citizens are required to have a registered address.
Registered addresses are typically used for delivering official notices.
If a foreign address was provided in your citizenship application, it
will automatically be registered as your official address. If you want
to register a local address (for example, to have your passport or ID
card show "Armenia" as your country of residence), you will need to
provide proof that you reside in Armenia. This can include a certificate
of ownership or lease for a residential property, or the owner's consent
to the registration. If these documents are not available, you may
request that the local police verify your residence (which can take up
to two weeks).
If you are a male under 55 years of age, registering a different address
may require you to register with a different military office located in
the new area of your residence.
Consular registration is required if you become a resident of a foreign
country, which typically occurs if you stay there for more than 183
days.

[]

PASSPORT, IDENTIFICATION CARD, AND SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

Once your citizenship is granted and the President of the Republic signs
your citizenship decree, you may apply for an Armenian passport and an
identification card. You have the option of choosing between a regular
passport or a biometric passport (the issuance of biometric passports is
currently suspended). If you initially apply for a regular passport, you
can later apply for and obtain a biometric passport and have both
passports valid. However, please note that the biometric passport shows
your "place of residence," so if you prefer not to have this information
on your passport, it is better to choose the regular passport.
You can also obtain an identification document (ID card), which is
issued as a plastic card and displays your social security number
(public services number).

[]

FEES AND EXPENSES

In addition to the government fees outlined below, it is important to
keep in mind that there may be additional expenses associated with the
citizenship application process. These can include legal fees,
translation and notarization fees, and other costs specific to your
case. We recommend contacting us for an estimate of your overall budget.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Service               |                       | Government Fee        |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Citizenship           |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
| Application           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Regular Passport      |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Biometric Passport    |                       | 25,000 ($56)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ID Card               |                       | 3,000 ($7.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Address Registration  |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Fast Passport or ID   | Next Business Day     | 20,000 ($50)          |
| Card Issuance         |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                       | Three Business Days   | 10,000 ($25)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                       | Five Business Days    | 5,000 ($12.5)         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

4. Special Considerations

[]

MILITARY REGISTRATION AND SERVICE

Military service is mandatory in Armenia for male citizens between the
ages of 18 and 27, with a service period of two years. Conscripts are
drafted twice a year, in January and July. If you do not wish to serve
in the military, it is advisable to wait until after you turn 27 to
apply for Armenian citizenship.

Recently, an amendment to the Armenian Law on Military Service has been
enacted, expanding the scope of compulsory military service to encompass
male individuals aged 27-37 who acquired Armenian citizenship after
reaching the age of 27. Under the amended Law, these individuals are now
subject to a 12-month mandatory military service obligation if they have
not completed any prior military service in any country or if their
prior military service in another country was less than 12 months.
However, individuals may choose to contribute AMD 2,500,000
(approximately USD 6,200) to the state budget in lieu of fulfilling the
service requirement.
Additionally, it is important to understand that acquiring Armenian
citizenship does not automatically confer citizenship on minor children.
If the other parent of a minor child is not also an Armenian citizen,
the child will not become an Armenian citizen upon the parent's
acquisition of citizenship. Similarly, a child born after the parent's
acquisition of Armenian citizenship will not automatically become an
Armenian citizen unless the other parent is also an Armenian citizen.
Individuals between the ages of 27 and 55 who become Armenian citizens
are registered in the military reserve and may be summoned for service
if mobilization is declared, such as during times of war. However, it is
highly unlikely that naturalized citizens who have never served in the
Armenian military will be called to duty. Military registration, if
required, can take an additional 4-5 business days and may include a
medical examination consisting of blood and urine tests, ultrasound,
electrocardiography, and a physical examination.
Male citizens under the age of 55 may be required to participate in
military training sessions, which usually last up to three weeks. In
late 2023, there were instances where citizens newly registered with the
Military Office were asked to report for military training. Therefore,
we strongly recommend that you check the current practices before
traveling to Armenia to complete the military registration and collect
your passport. If you are a male applicant under the age of 55, it may
be wise to complete the military registration at the Armenian
embassy/consulate abroad. Please be aware that the Military Office is
capable, at least in theory, of delivering notifications to Armenian
citizens who are residing abroad through the use of Armenian embassies
and consulates.
Military service evasion is a criminal offense and may result in
imprisonment for up to three years. A criminal case can be initiated
against individuals who were registered with the military office and
were served a notice but failed to report to start their service. In
certain circumstances, exemptions from military service are available,
such as for individuals with serious health issues or for humanitarian
reasons. Dual citizens may also be exempted from military service if
they have served in the military of another country for at least 12
months (18 months for alternative service).
If you require further information regarding military service
obligations, please do not hesitate to contact us. Additionally, if you
are worried about fulfilling military service requirements, you may wish
to consider applying for a special passport (special residency status).

[]

TAX IMPLICATIONS OF ACQUIRING ARMENIAN CITIZENSHIP

Acquiring Armenian nationality should not have any negative tax
consequences, as Armenia's tax system is not based on citizenship.
However, if you are a foreign employee or private entrepreneur working
in Armenia, obtaining Armenian citizenship may trigger obligations to
make social and military contributions.
It is important to note that acquiring Armenian citizenship does not
automatically make you a "tax resident." Tax residency is regulated by
tax laws, not immigration laws. Becoming a tax resident of Armenia
usually requires spending more than 183 days in the country within a
year. This means that it is possible to be an Armenian citizen without
becoming a tax resident, and vice versa.
Armenia generally does not impose taxes on capital gains from the sale
of securities, real estate, or other assets, regardless of where these
gains are generated. Certain types of income, such as insurance and
pension payments, are also exempt from taxes. Additionally, there are no
taxes on gifts, inheritance, or net worth. 

Tax residents are generally required to pay taxes on global income at
flat rates—20% on business income, 10% on interest, and 5% on dividends.
However, Armenia has double taxation agreements with approximately 50
countries, which can significantly reduce tax liabilities for foreign
income.
For individuals who do not meet the 183-day residency threshold but
still wish to establish tax residency in Armenia—possibly due to
substantial personal or business connections that centralize their
economic interests in the country—they may apply for a tax residency
certificate.

[]

REJECTION AND APPEAL PROCESS

Applicants are typically notified of the rejection by text message,
which does not provide the specific reasons for the rejection. The
government has the authority to reject a citizenship application without
providing any reasons, according to the law. The National Security
Service is responsible for making decisions on applications, and they
may reject an application if they believe it could endanger national
security, public order or health, or the rights and liberties of others,
as stated in Article 13 of the Citizenship Law. However, this agency is
highly secretive and does not report to the Passport Office, so it is
not possible to know the specific reasons behind a rejection without
going to court.
If your application is rejected, you have two months to appeal the
decision in court, but you will need to obtain a copy of the rejection
decision from the Passport Office before filing the appeal.
If your application for citizenship is rejected, you may reapply after
one year.

[]

SPECIAL PASSPORTS AND OTHER RESIDENCE PERMITS

Before Armenia legalized dual citizenship in 2005, many ethnic Armenians
obtained special passports to avoid renouncing their existing
citizenship. Even today, some foreigners prefer to apply for special
residency instead of becoming full citizens, often due to concerns about
military service.
The special residence permit is valid for 10 years and can be extended
indefinitely, and allows the holder to live, work, study, and engage in
any other lawful activity in Armenia without additional paperwork. One
notable advantage of the special passport is that its holder can own
agricultural and other land directly in his/her own name, without the
need to establish a legal entity. The special residence permit looks
different from temporary/permanent residence permits as it is issued in
the form a passport, not a card. Special passports are typically issued
to ethnic Armenians, but in some exceptional cases, non-Armenians
engaged in economic or cultural activities in Armenia may also be
eligible. Children under 16 can also get special passports. The time
required to obtain a special passport is around 60-90 days. Unlike
applying for citizenship, you can apply for a special passport through a
representative by granting them a power of attorney.
Individuals of Armenian descent/origin can also qualify for temporary
and permanent residence permits. Some ethnic Armenians may prefer a
residence permit over citizenship, particularly if it is difficult to
produce a legalized birth certificate. Additionally, obtaining a
residence permit rather than citizenship can help individuals avoid
registering with the military office or avoid having to renounce their
current citizenship, particularly if their country of origin does not
allow dual citizenship.

[]

RECOGNITION OF ARMENIAN CITIZENSHIP

If you were a permanent resident of Armenia as of July 13, 1995, and a
citizen of the former Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic without any
other citizenship, you are automatically recognized as an Armenian
citizen.
If you do not have any other citizenship, you can apply to be recognized
as an Armenian citizen. You can apply if you are an ethnic Armenian and
a former citizen of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic who does not
reside in Armenia, or if you reside in Armenia and were a citizen of the
former U.S.S.R. or an ethnic Armenian.
If you are unsure about whether you are recognized as an Armenian
citizen, you can send a written inquiry to the Passport Office. They
will typically confirm your status in writing within a few weeks. You
may also authorize your lawyer or representative to send this inquiry on
your behalf.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

Armenia Passport Form 2024.05.27

-   
-   
-   
-   

0% Complete

1 of 4

My application for Armenian citizenship will be based on: *

Armenian origin (ethnicity)

Marriage to an Armenian citizen

Having a child who is an Armenian citizen

Having a parent who is an Armenian citizen

Residency in Armenia

Investment

OtherOther

I plan to visit Armenia in person to file the application for
citizenship *

Yes, I will file my documents in Yerevan, Armenia

No, I will file my documents at an Armenian embassy

Estimated date of my arrival to Armenia

My current citizenship is: * AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Next

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

5. Other Practical Information

[]

INVESTING IN REAL ESTATE, BANK DEPOSITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Armenia presents a diverse range of investment opportunities
characterized by advantageous conditions for both domestic and
international investors. Whether the focus is on real estate or
financial markets, the nation boasts a streamlined and investor-friendly
process, fostering increased capital inflow. 

Real Property

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth. From April 2023 to March 2024, average prices per square meter
in the city center rose from $2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual
increase. This steady upward trend is part of a larger surge observed
over the last decade, where prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073
in 2023, totaling a 103% increase. This growth was particularly marked
by a dramatic 42.4% rise from 2021 to 2022.
The process of purchasing a property in Armenia is efficient and quick,
with the country ranking 13th out of 190 countries on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index. It is even possible to buy properties
remotely without visiting the country.
Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes, and capital gains on the
sale of real property by an individual are generally not taxed. Property
tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which is normally
significantly lower than the market value. Stamp duties are not
applicable, and only small official fees are paid, which do not depend
on the value of the property. Rental income up to 60 million Armenian
drams (approximately $155,000) per year is taxed at 10%, and rental
income exceeding that amount is taxed at 20%.
Foreigners can own 100% of real estate in Armenia, and they have the
same rights as locals to acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, and
otherwise dispose of their property. There is no need for foreigners to
have a residence permit or any other links to Armenia. Overall, the real
estate market in Armenia offers great opportunities for foreign
investors seeking to diversify their portfolio and take advantage of a
growing economy.
You might want to consider buying off-plan property from real estate
developers and see non-taxable capital gains of 20-30% after the
construction is completed. There are many construction projects to
choose from, and you can find more information on websites such
as ArmEconomBank, ACBA Bank, Inecobank, Ameriabank, Red Invest Group,
and Construction.am.

Land and Farming
Lands in Armenia are classified according to their designated usage
(zoning), including agricultural, residential, industrial, energy,
forest, and more. Foreigners can directly own household and gardening
plots, lands designated for construction and maintenance of a homestead,
and residential and commercial development lands. Other types of land,
such as agricultural land, can be owned through a legal entity. Special
residence permit holders can own all types of land. There are some
restrictions on building on agricultural land, although small buildings
up to 30 sq. m. are allowed. In most rural communities, structures of up
to 300 sq. m. can be built on land exceeding 10,000 sq. m. It may also
be possible to change the zoning of land with the help of the local
municipality.
If you are interested in agricultural investments, you might consider
fruit farming or wine growing, which are one of the oldest economic
sectors in Armenia, with over 60,000 active entities in this industry.
The most popular forms of cultivation are grape, apricot, and peach. You
may choose to buy an existing farm or set up a new one, and you may be
eligible for a government subsidy. Two types of subsidies are available:
compensation of up to 50% of costs incurred in setting up a vineyard
(orchard) or a low-interest rate loan (2%) for a maximum amount of $2.9
million for vineyards, $5 million for orchards, and $4.7 million for
berry farms.

Stocks, Bonds, and Bank Deposits

If you are interested in investing in small and medium-sized businesses,
you can find offers on the Invest in Armenia
website: https://investin.am/investment-projects/. The Armenian stock
exchange also lists a few large
companies: https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Although few companies are listed on the Armenian stock exchange, many
issue corporate bonds with relatively high yields (in excess of 11% in
local currency and 6% in USD). The Armenian government also issues both
short-term and long-term bonds, typically with annual interest rates
above 10%. You can find more information on the stock exchange website
and at moneymarket.am.
Interest paid on bank deposits in Armenia is relatively high, with
annual rates up to 10% for local currency deposits and 5% for USD
deposits. Deposits can also be made in euros and Russian Rubles, and
information on current deposit interest rates is available
at moneymarket.am. Although the Armenian dram has appreciated against
the USD by around 20% in 2022, exchange rates have been mostly stable
over the last few decades. Banks typically withhold a 10% tax on
interest payments. You can also find information on current prices of
gold bars (ranging from 1 gram to 1,000 grams) at moneymarket.am. Most
banks offer safety box services, allowing you to purchase gold bars and
keep them in a secure location.
All banks in Armenia are licensed and closely regulated by the Central
Bank of Armenia. A deposit insurance system is also in place, covering
deposits up to AMD 16 million (around $41,000) for local currency
deposits and AMD 7 million (around $18,000) for foreign currency
deposits. However, the system has never been used as there have been no
bank runs in recent history.

[]

BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES

Armenia has a well-established banking system, with 18 privately owned
banks regulated by the Central Bank. Among them, HSBC is an
international bank, while many local banks have foreign capital from
countries such as Russia (VTB), France (ACBA), Lebanon (Byblos, ID),
Argentina (Converse), Iran (Mellat), and others. Armenian banks offer
modern banking services, including online and mobile banking, debit and
credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx), accounts in various currencies
(USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY), gold metal accounts, wealth
management, private banking, and safety deposit boxes. They also have
low charges, strong privacy, and high-quality customer service.

[]

HEALTHCARE AND INSURANCE

In Armenia, individuals are not required by law to have health
insurance. However, all six licensed insurance companies offer health
insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300 to $600 per
person. These companies are SIL Insurance, Liga Insurance, Nairi
Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Reso, and Armenia Insurance.

[]

Company registration

Setting up an LLC in Armenia is a quick and uncomplicated process, which
can be completed entirely remotely. There are no limitations on foreign
ownership or management of companies, no minimum investment
requirements, and no renewal fees to worry about. Shareholders are
afforded limited liability and can utilize the LLC structure for
purposes of asset protection or tax optimization. Armenia also boasts
favorable tax regulations for small businesses, with many being
completely exempt from taxes. Furthermore, IT companies can benefit from
special tax incentives.
Benefits: Registering an LLC in Armenia has several advantages,
including:

-   Fast registration process (typically within a couple of days)
-   Shareholders enjoy limited liability
-   Minimal documentation requirements (only passports are needed)
-   No restrictions on foreign ownership or directorship
-   No minimum capital requirements
-   No need to engage local partners, agents, managers, secretaries,
    etc.
-   Permanent existence with no renewal fees
-   Bank accounts available in various currencies
-   No restrictions on repatriation of profits and capital

For more information, please see the page on incorporation.
Taxation: Armenia offers favorable tax rates for small businesses. Many
types of businesses with annual sales below AMD 24 million (equivalent
to around $62,000 as of March 2023) are exempt from income tax. Other
businesses with annual sales below AMD 115 million (around $297,000) are
also exempt from income tax but are subject to a sales tax (turnover
tax) of 5% or less. Newly registered IT companies and firms operating in
free economic zones, industrial zones, and certain border towns and
villages are also eligible for tax exemptions.
An LLC registered in Armenia is considered a tax resident of Armenia and
is taxed on its worldwide income. Tax rates are generally the same
regardless of whether income comes from Armenia or another country.
Asset Protection: An Armenian LLC can be used as a holding company for
assets. Setting up a tax-exempt "microbusiness" LLC can be advantageous
for receiving passive income, such as dividends, of up to AMD 24 million
(around $62,000) annually. Additionally, income from the sale of
financial assets is not subject to taxation, regardless of the amount.
However, it is important to avoid being classified as an "investment
company," which requires licensing.
While it is possible to use an LLC to own real estate in Armenia or
other countries, Armenian tax laws generally make it more beneficial to
own such property as an individual to avoid capital gains tax on sales
between individuals.
Armenian law does not recognize trusts, so assets are typically held
through an LLC or other corporate structures such as a joint-stock
company, foundation, or consumer cooperative. Nominee and corporate
shareholders and directors are allowed, but companies must file annual
statements disclosing the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO).

[]

Marriage registration

Foreigners can get married in Armenia without any requirement to live or
have ties to the country. The registration process is typically quick
and can be completed in as little as two business days. However, both
individuals need to provide a "non-marriage" certificate from their
country of permanent residence to confirm their marital status. If a
non-marriage certificate cannot be obtained, an affidavit may be used
instead. These documents must be legalized, either by Apostille or
consular legalization, and translated into Armenian before they can be
submitted to the Armenian Ministry of Justice. Remote registration with
a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

Driving License

Obtaining an Armenian driving license is a two-step process that
involves taking a computer-based driving theory test and a practical
driving test. The theory test questions are available in Armenian,
Russian, English, Arabic, and Farsi. There are a total of 1,116
questions, and the test consists of 20 questions with only two incorrect
answers allowed. To register for the test, you can visit the
website roadpolice.am and wait for notification about the time and place
of the test. If you pass the theory test, you will be allowed to take
the driving test immediately. In addition, it is possible to exchange
your foreign driving license for an Armenian one if your license is
issued by a country that is party to the 1968 Vienna Convention.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Visa Guide for Armenia 2024 

Armenia offers various visa regimes tailored to citizens of different
countries. This guide provides an overview of the different types of
visas available, including eligibility for visa on arrival, the e-visa
application process, and the requirements for obtaining a visa through
an Armenian embassy. Additionally, we detail which countries' visas or
residence permits can qualify for a visa on arrival in Armenia.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Visa Types and Application Process
2.  Visa Costs and Regulations
3.  FAQs
4.  Country-Specific Visa Information
5.  Other Practical Information

1. Visa Types and Application Process

Visa-Free Travel

Most European countries, selected Asian nations, and certain American
states, are granted visa-free access to Armenia (see the complete list
below). Typically, visitors from these countries can enjoy a visa-free
stay in Armenia for up to 180 days within a year. For those interested
in extended stays, Armenia offers the possibility of obtaining residence
permits.
In practice, Armenia does not strictly enforce the 180-day rule for
returning visitors. For example, individuals crossing the border with
neighboring countries such as Georgia or Iran and returning to Armenia
are not fined. However, continuous stays exceeding 180 days can lead to
fines ranging from AMD 50,000 to 100,000 (approximately $130 to $260),
which must be settled upon departure from the country.
List of visa-free countries

Europe: Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia,
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Montenegro,
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Moldova, Romania, Russia, San
Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine,
United Kingdom, Vatican.

Asia: China (90 days), Hong Kong, Iran (90 days), Japan, Kazakhstan,
Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Macau, Qatar, Singapore, South Korea, Tajikistan,
United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan.

Americas & Pacific: Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Ecuador, New Zealand,
Panama, United States of America, Uruguay.

Visa on Arrival

Eligibility for a Visa on Arrival is extended to:

-   Nationals of certain countries (see the list below)
-   Individuals holding valid visas or residence permits from certain
    countries (see the list below)
-   Ethnic Armenians and family members (parent, child, spouse, brother,
    sister) of Armenian citizens, regardless of their nationality

Alternatively, these individuals may choose to apply for a visa
beforehand at an Armenian embassy or through the e-visa platform.
List of Country Nationals Eligible for a Visa on Arrival:

Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Canada,
Chile, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Indonesia, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon,
Mexico, North Korea, North Macedonia, Oman, Peru, Saint Vincent and the
Grenadines, South Africa, Thailand, Turkey.
List of Countries Whose Valid Visas or Temporary/Permanent Residence
Cards Qualify for a Visa on Arrival
All EU and Schengen countries, all GCC countries (Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman,
Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE), Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand,
Russia, South Korea, United Kingdom, USA.
This option is not available to nationals of countries requiring an
embassy-issued sticker visa for entry.

E-Visa (online)

You can obtain an e-visa by applying online on the Armenian E-Visa
Portal if you are a national of a country listed below. Additionally,
individuals eligible for a visa on arrival (as detailed in the section
above) also have the option to apply for an e-visa. Typically, an e-visa
is issued within 3-5 business days. If the e-visa is rejected, you can
re-apply immediately. However, it is recommended to understand the
reason for rejection and, if necessary, submit any additional documents
to address the concerns of the immigration authorities.

The e-visa has a maximum validity of 120 days, with an option to extend
it for an additional 60 days. For those seeking a longer stay, holding a
residence permit is an option (refer to this page for more details on
residence permits).
List of E-visa countries

Asia & Africa: Algeria, Bahrain, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, Egypt, India,
Iraq, Laos, Malaysia, Maldives, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, Philippines,
Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, Timor-Leste, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Vietnam.

Americas: Antigua and Barbuda, Belize, Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica,
Cuba, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint
Lucia, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Venezuela.

Pacific: Fiji, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau,
Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu
Vanuatu.

Sticker visa (embassy-issued visa)

Nationals from specific African and Asian countries, as outlined in the
list below, are generally not eligible for an online visa (e-visa) or
visa on arrival for Armenia. They are required to secure their visas in
advance of their arrival by visiting an Armenian embassy abroad.
The visa application process usually necessitates the submission of an
invitation letter from a host in Armenia. However, an exception is made
for ethnic Armenians and their immediate family members, who are exempt
from the invitation letter requirement.
For more information on invitation letters and a list of Armenian
embassies, please refer to the sections provided below.

Restricted nationalities for online and on-arrival visa applications

Asia: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, Palestine, Sri Lanka,
Syria, Yemen.
Africa: Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape
Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Democratic Republic of
Congo, Congo, Cote d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea,
Eswatini, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya,
Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania,
Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sao Tome and
Principe, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan,
Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe.

Invitation letter requirements
If you do not qualify for visa-free travel, e-visas, or visas on
arrival, obtaining an invitation letter from an individual or a legal
entity in Armenia is necessary.
Additionally, individuals of Armenian ethnicity are exempt from the
invitation letter requirement. They can secure a visa by providing proof
of their Armenian heritage through documents like a passport, birth
certificate, or certified baptism certificate, verifying their or their
parents' Armenian descent. This exemption also extends to immediate
family members of Armenian citizens or ethnic Armenians, including
spouses, parents, children, siblings.
Foreign nationals with permanent resident status in the United States,
Australia, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Switzerland,
or a Schengen country (excluding Spain, Portugal, and Greece) may also
be exempt from the invitation letter requirement at the consular
officer's discretion.
Invitation letters from individuals should be forwarded to the Migration
and Citizenship Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the
Republic of Armenia. Conversely, letters from legal entities should be
directed to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The approval process for
these letters entails a security check, which may span 2-3 weeks or
longer. During this process, a security officer may meet with or have a
phone call with the person submitting the invitation letter to ensure
compliance with immigration requirements.
List of Armenian embassies abroad
Europe: Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark,
France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Holy See, Italy, Lithuania,
Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Ukraine, United Kingdom.
Americas: Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, United States.
Asia & Africa: China, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Israel,
Japan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Syria, Turkmenistan, U.A.E.,
Vietnam.

2. Visa Costs and Regulations

[]

Visa Fees and Extension Fees

The following table outlines the various visa classes, their validity
terms, government fees, extension possibilities, and the respective
extension fees:

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Visa Class  | Validity    | Government  | Extension   | Extension   |
|             | Term        | Fees        |             | Fee         |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Visitor     | 21 days,    | $7 (AMD     | Max. 60     | $1 (AMD     |
|             | single      | 3,000)      | days        | 500) per    |
|             |             |             |             | day         |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 120 days,   | $39 (AMD    |             |             |
|             | single      | 15,000)     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 60 days,    | $52 (AMD    |             |             |
|             | multiple    | 20,000)     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 120 days,   | $104 (AMD   |             |             |
|             | multiple    | 40,000)     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Transit     | 3 days,     | $26 (AMD    | Max. 4 days |             |
|             | single      | 10,000)     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             | 3 days,     | $47 (AMD    |             |             |
|             | multiple    | 18,000)     |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

[]

Overstay Penalties

Under Armenian law, visa overstay is considered an administrative
offense, punishable by a monetary fine. The fines are levied based on
the number of offenses and the duration of the overstay:
First Offense: In practice, the first offense is typically penalized
with a fine of $130 (AMD 50,000).
Second Offense: The second offense carries a fine ranging from $157 to
$235 (AMD 60,000 to 90,000), depending on the length of the overstay.
Third and Subsequent Offenses: Any third or subsequent offenses are
punishable by a fine of $261 (AMD 100,000).

3. FAQs

[]

WHAT DOCUMENTS ARE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN A VISA?

The process of obtaining a visa from an Armenian embassy (if you are not
eligible for visa-free travel or visa on arrival) typically entails a
standard set of document submissions. The essential documents are:

-   A valid passport,
-   Completed visa application form,
-   Passport-sized colored photograph.

Additionally, consular officers may request supplementary documents to
evaluate the validity of your travel intentions and your financial
capability to visit Armenia. These supplementary documents could
include:

-   An invitation letter,
-   Proof of hotel booking,
-   Tax returns,
-   Bank account statements, among others.

The document requirements for an e-visa are similar, with the primary
difference being the online submission of these documents.
Moreover, you will need to pay the applicable visa fee, which may vary
based on the type and duration of the visa you are applying for.

[]

WHAT TYPES OF VISAS ARE ISSUED IN ARMENIA?

Armenia offers a range of visitor visas catering to different purposes
of visit. The classes of visitor visas include:

-   Tourism and Visits to Family and Friends (V-1)
-   Family Reunification (V-2)
-   Medical Treatment (V-3)
-   Studies (V-4)
-   Attendance at Cultural, Athletic, Scientific or Other Events (V-5)
-   Participation in Humanitarian, Charitable, Technical Assistance and
    Similar Programs (V-6)
-   Business, Investment or Work (V-7)
-   Crew Members (V-8)

The procedure for obtaining any of these visitor visas is generally
uniform, regardless of the specific purpose of your visit.
For long-term stays in Armenia, traditional visas issued by Armenian
embassies won't suffice. Instead, you'll need to obtain a residence
permit, which can be categorized into temporary, permanent, or special
permits. It's important to note that while temporary and permanent
residence permits are issued exclusively within Armenia, special
residence permits can be obtained at Armenian embassies abroad.

[]

HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO GET A VISA?

E-visas are typically processed within 3 business days. On the other
hand, regular visas are usually issued by embassies within 10 days.
However, if an invitation letter has already been approved by the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the visa is normally issued on the day of
application.

[]

THERE IS NO ARMENIAN EMBASSY IN MY COUNTRY. WHAT CAN I DO?

If you do not qualify for visa-free travel or an e-visa, you will need
to obtain a visa at an Armenian embassy. A list of Armenian embassies
can be found above. For instance, a Nigerian citizen might choose to
apply for a visa at the Armenian embassy in Abu Dhabi, U.A.E., or Cairo,
Egypt, while a citizen of Bangladesh could apply at the embassy in New
Delhi, India.

[]

MY PASSPORT EXPIRES SOON. WILL I HAVE PROBLEMS ENTERING ARMENIA?

You should be able to enter and exit Armenia as long as your passport is
valid. There is not a requirement for your passport to be valid for a
specific period beyond your stay. If you have obtained an Armenian visa
and then changed your passport, you can still use that visa by
presenting both your new passport and the old passport containing the
visa to the border control officer.

[]

HOW MUCH CASH AM I ALLOWED TO BRING TO ARMENIA?

According to the regulations of the Eurasian Economic Union, you are
required to declare cash amounts exceeding US$ 10,000. Failing to
declare could result in criminal liability. There are not any
restrictions on the amount you can bring into or take out of Armenia, as
long as you declare the cash.

[]

DO I HAVE TO SHOW PROOF OF VACCINATIONS?

Currently, there are no requirements to show vaccination documents when
entering Armenia.

[]

WHERE CAN I FIND LEGAL RESOURCES REGARDING VISA AND IMMIGRATION PROCEDURES IN ARMENIA?

Below is a list of legal regulations and resources available in Armenian
to help you understand visa and immigration procedures:

-   Law on Foreigners -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=183150
-   Law on State Duties -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=183661
-   Regulation on Visa Issuance -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=181287
-   List of Countries Whose Nationals Require Invitations -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=165276
-   Regulation on Invitation Letters -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=180387
-   Regulation on Exemptions from Invitation Requirement -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?DocID=47120
-   Regulation on Residence Permits -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=158552
-   Code of Administrative Offenses -
    https://www.arlis.am/DocumentView.aspx?docid=183665

[]

WHAT IS THE CLIMATE LIKE IN ARMENIA?

Armenia experiences a continental climate with hot summers and cold
winters. It's advisable to check the weather forecasts before your visit
to plan accordingly.

[]

WHAT CURRENCY IS USED IN ARMENIA?

The official currency of Armenia is the Armenian Dram (AMD). It's
advisable to have some local currency for small purchases, though many
places accept credit cards.

[]

WHAT LANGUAGES ARE SPOKEN IN ARMENIA?

Armenian is the official language. Russian is widely spoken and
understood. English is also spoken, especially in Yerevan and by the
younger population.

[]

IS ENGLISH WIDELY SPOKEN IN ARMENIA?

English is increasingly spoken, especially among the younger population
and in urban areas like Yerevan. However, proficiency may vary, and
knowing a few phrases in Armenian or Russian could be helpful.

[]

WHAT ARE SOME TOURIST ATTRACTIONS I SHOULD NOT MISS IN ARMENIA?

Armenia is rich in historic sites like the Echmiadzin Cathedral, Garni
Temple, and Geghard Monastery. The capital Yerevan, Lake Sevan, and the
Dilijan National Park are also popular attractions.

[]

WHAT IS THE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM LIKE IN ARMENIA?

Armenia has a network of buses and taxis. Yerevan has a metro system.
For long-distance travel, buses and shared taxis are common. While there
isn't Uber service in Armenia, there are equivalent ride-hailing
services such as Yandex Taxi and GG Taxi which are widely used and
provide a convenient alternative for getting around.

[]

WHERE CAN I FIND EMERGENCY SERVICES IN ARMENIA?

In case of emergency, you can dial 911 for immediate assistance. It's
also advisable to have the contact information of your country's
embassy.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

4. Country-Specific Visa Information

[]

Egypt

E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.

[]

U.A.E., Qatar, kuwait

Visa Requirement: No
Duration: Up to 180 days per year.

[]

Bahrain and saudi arabia

E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.

[]

Oman

Visa on Arrival: Yes
E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.
Note: Visas on arrival are available to nationals of all countries
(excluding those requiring an embassy-issued sticker visa) holding a
valid GCC country visa or residence card.

[]

Iran

Visa Requirement: No
Duration: Up to 90 days within a 180-day period. Stays beyond 90 days
require a residence permit. 

[]

Iraq

E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.

[]

Jordan, lebanon

Visa on Arrival: Yes
E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.

[]

Syria

E-visa Availability: No
Visa Requirement: Yes, obtainable at Armenian embassies with an
invitation letter, exceptions apply for ethnic Armenians and their
family members.

[]

Pakistan

E-visa Availability: No
Visa Requirement: Yes, obtainable at Armenian embassies abroad with an
invitation letter, exceptions apply for ethnic Armenians and their
family members.
Note: Visa procurement may be challenging due to lack of diplomatic
relations between Pakistan and Armenia.

[]

philippines

E-visa Availability: Yes
Validity: Up to 120 days, extendable by another 60 days.
Application: Online at Armenian E-visa portal.

5. Other Practical Information

[]

Investing in Real Estate, Bank Deposits and Other Assets

Armenia presents a diverse range of investment opportunities
characterized by advantageous conditions for both domestic and
international investors. Whether the focus is on real estate or
financial markets, the nation boasts a streamlined and investor-friendly
process, fostering increased capital inflow. 

Real Property

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth. From April 2023 to March 2024, average prices per square meter
in the city center rose from $2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual
increase. This steady upward trend is part of a larger surge observed
over the last decade, where prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073
in 2023, totaling a 103% increase. This growth was particularly marked
by a dramatic 42.4% rise from 2021 to 2022.
The process of purchasing a property in Armenia is efficient and quick,
with the country ranking 13th out of 190 countries on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index. It is even possible to buy properties
remotely without visiting the country.
Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes, and capital gains on the
sale of real property by an individual are generally not taxed. Property
tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which is normally
significantly lower than the market value. Stamp duties are not
applicable, and only small official fees are paid, which do not depend
on the value of the property. Rental income up to 60 million Armenian
drams (approximately $155,000) per year is taxed at 10%, and rental
income exceeding that amount is taxed at 20%.
Foreigners can own 100% of real estate in Armenia, and they have the
same rights as locals to acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, and
otherwise dispose of their property. There is no need for foreigners to
have a residence permit or any other links to Armenia. Overall, the real
estate market in Armenia offers great opportunities for foreign
investors seeking to diversify their portfolio and take advantage of a
growing economy.
You might want to consider buying off-plan property from real estate
developers and see non-taxable capital gains of 20-30% after the
construction is completed. There are many construction projects to
choose from, and you can find more information on websites such
as ArmEconomBank, ACBA Bank, Inecobank, Ameriabank, Red Invest Group,
and Construction.am.

Land and Farming
Lands in Armenia are classified according to their designated usage
(zoning), including agricultural, residential, industrial, energy,
forest, and more. Foreigners can directly own household and gardening
plots, lands designated for construction and maintenance of a homestead,
and residential and commercial development lands. Other types of land,
such as agricultural land, can be owned through a legal entity. Special
residence permit holders can own all types of land. There are some
restrictions on building on agricultural land, although small buildings
up to 30 sq. m. are allowed. In most rural communities, structures of up
to 300 sq. m. can be built on land exceeding 10,000 sq. m. It may also
be possible to change the zoning of land with the help of the local
municipality.
If you are interested in agricultural investments, you might consider
fruit farming or wine growing, which are one of the oldest economic
sectors in Armenia, with over 60,000 active entities in this industry.
The most popular forms of cultivation are grape, apricot, and peach. You
may choose to buy an existing farm or set up a new one, and you may be
eligible for a government subsidy. Two types of subsidies are available:
compensation of up to 50% of costs incurred in setting up a vineyard
(orchard) or a low-interest rate loan (2%) for a maximum amount of $2.9
million for vineyards, $5 million for orchards, and $4.7 million for
berry farms.

Stocks, Bonds, and Bank Deposits

If you are interested in investing in small and medium-sized businesses,
you can find offers on the Invest in Armenia
website: https://investin.am/investment-projects/. The Armenian stock
exchange also lists a few large
companies: https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Although few companies are listed on the Armenian stock exchange, many
issue corporate bonds with relatively high yields (in excess of 11% in
local currency and 6% in USD). The Armenian government also issues both
short-term and long-term bonds, typically with annual interest rates
above 10%. You can find more information on the stock exchange website
and at moneymarket.am.
Interest paid on bank deposits in Armenia is relatively high, with
annual rates up to 10% for local currency deposits and 5% for USD
deposits. Deposits can also be made in euros and Russian Rubles, and
information on current deposit interest rates is available
at moneymarket.am. Although the Armenian dram has appreciated against
the USD by around 20% in 2022, exchange rates have been mostly stable
over the last few decades. Banks typically withhold a 10% tax on
interest payments. You can also find information on current prices of
gold bars (ranging from 1 gram to 1,000 grams) at moneymarket.am. Most
banks offer safety box services, allowing you to purchase gold bars and
keep them in a secure location.
All banks in Armenia are licensed and closely regulated by the Central
Bank of Armenia. A deposit insurance system is also in place, covering
deposits up to AMD 16 million (around $41,000) for local currency
deposits and AMD 7 million (around $18,000) for foreign currency
deposits. However, the system has never been used as there have been no
bank runs in recent history.

[]

Banking and Financial Services

Armenia has a well-established banking system, with 18 privately owned
banks regulated by the Central Bank. Among them, HSBC is an
international bank, while many local banks have foreign capital from
countries such as Russia (VTB), France (ACBA), Lebanon (Byblos, ID),
Argentina (Converse), Iran (Mellat), and others. Armenian banks offer
modern banking services, including online and mobile banking, debit and
credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx), accounts in various currencies
(USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY), gold metal accounts, wealth
management, private banking, and safety deposit boxes. They also have
low charges, strong privacy, and high-quality customer service.

[]

Healthcare and Insurance

In Armenia, individuals are not required by law to have health
insurance. However, all six licensed insurance companies offer health
insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300 to $600 per
person. These companies are SIL Insurance, Liga Insurance, Nairi
Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Reso, and Armenia Insurance.

[]

Company Registration

Setting up an LLC in Armenia is a quick and uncomplicated process, which
can be completed entirely remotely. There are no limitations on foreign
ownership or management of companies, no minimum investment
requirements, and no renewal fees to worry about. Shareholders are
afforded limited liability and can utilize the LLC structure for
purposes of asset protection or tax optimization. Armenia also boasts
favorable tax regulations for small businesses, with many being
completely exempt from taxes. Furthermore, IT companies can benefit from
special tax incentives.
Benefits: Registering an LLC in Armenia has several advantages,
including:

-   Fast registration process (typically within a couple of days)
-   Shareholders enjoy limited liability
-   Minimal documentation requirements (only passports are needed)
-   No restrictions on foreign ownership or directorship
-   No minimum capital requirements
-   No need to engage local partners, agents, managers, secretaries,
    etc.
-   Permanent existence with no renewal fees
-   Bank accounts available in various currencies
-   No restrictions on repatriation of profits and capital

For more information, please see the page on incorporation.
Taxation: Armenia offers favorable tax rates for small businesses. Many
types of businesses with annual sales below AMD 24 million (equivalent
to around $62,000 as of March 2023) are exempt from income tax. Other
businesses with annual sales below AMD 115 million (around $297,000) are
also exempt from income tax but are subject to a sales tax (turnover
tax) of 5% or less. Newly registered IT companies and firms operating in
free economic zones, industrial zones, and certain border towns and
villages are also eligible for tax exemptions.
An LLC registered in Armenia is considered a tax resident of Armenia and
is taxed on its worldwide income. Tax rates are generally the same
regardless of whether income comes from Armenia or another country.
Asset Protection: An Armenian LLC can be used as a holding company for
assets. Setting up a tax-exempt "microbusiness" LLC can be advantageous
for receiving passive income, such as dividends, of up to AMD 24 million
(around $62,000) annually. Additionally, income from the sale of
financial assets is not subject to taxation, regardless of the amount.
However, it is important to avoid being classified as an "investment
company," which requires licensing.
While it is possible to use an LLC to own real estate in Armenia or
other countries, Armenian tax laws generally make it more beneficial to
own such property as an individual to avoid capital gains tax on sales
between individuals.
Armenian law does not recognize trusts, so assets are typically held
through an LLC or other corporate structures such as a joint-stock
company, foundation, or consumer cooperative. Nominee and corporate
shareholders and directors are allowed, but companies must file annual
statements disclosing the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO).

[]

Marriage Registration

Foreigners can get married in Armenia without any requirement to live or
have ties to the country. The registration process is typically quick
and can be completed in as little as two business days. However, both
individuals need to provide a "non-marriage" certificate from their
country of permanent residence to confirm their marital status. If a
non-marriage certificate cannot be obtained, an affidavit may be used
instead. These documents must be legalized, either by Apostille or
consular legalization, and translated into Armenian before they can be
submitted to the Armenian Ministry of Justice. Remote registration with
a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

Driving License

Obtaining an Armenian driving license is a two-step process that
involves taking a computer-based driving theory test and a practical
driving test. The theory test questions are available in Armenian,
Russian, English, Arabic, and Farsi. There are a total of 1,116
questions, and the test consists of 20 questions with only two incorrect
answers allowed. To register for the test, you can visit the
website roadpolice.am and wait for notification about the time and place
of the test. If you pass the theory test, you will be allowed to take
the driving test immediately. In addition, it is possible to exchange
your foreign driving license for an Armenian one if your license is
issued by a country that is party to the 1968 Vienna Convention.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2023.10.18 Visa

Name

Email Address *

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Phone Number

I am reaching out to:

Learn more about Armenian visas

Discuss potential residency or citizenship

Explore business registration in Armenia

OtherOther

If inquiring about visas, what type of visa are you interested in?
Business or investmentWorkStudyTourismVisit family or friendsNot
sureOther If inquiring about visas, what type of visa are you interested
in?

Are you considering any of the following in Armenia?

Visa extension

Residence permit or work permit

Citizenship

Bank account opening

Business registration

Property investment

Briefly describe your question or what you are hoping to achieve in
Armenia:

How did you hear about us? Search EngineReferralSocial
MediaEvent/ConferenceOther How did you hear about us?

Captcha

Submit Inquiry

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Citizenship Test

Citizenship Test

Question 1. In the Republic of Armenia the power belongs to:

the political parties

the people

the government

Correct Answer

Question 2. What type of state is the Republic of Armenia?

democratic

autoritarian

monarchical

Correct Answer

Question 3. Which is considered the legislative body in the Republic of
Armenia?

the courts

the National Assembly of the RA

the political parties

Correct Answer

Question 4. The official language in the Republic of Armenia is:

English

Armenian

Russian

Correct Answer

Question 5. The flag of the Republic of Armenia is a tricolor:

with red, blue, and white colors

with red, green, white colors

with red, blue, orange colors

Correct Answer

Question 6. The capital of the Republic of Armenia is:

Gyumri

Yerevan

Erebuni

Correct Answer

Question 7. Who does appoint a minister?

the political parties

the President of the RA

the minister of justice

Correct Answer

Question 8. All are equal:

before each other

before the law

only before the court

Correct Answer

Question 9. A person does not have to testify:

against the perpetrator of the crime

against his/her friends

against his/her spouse and close relatives

Correct Answer

Question 10. Who from the following can be elected as a President of the
Republic of Armenia?

Every person who is at least forty years old, has been a citizen only of
the RA for the last six years, has permanently resided in the republic
for the last six years, has a right to vote and knows the Armenian
language

Every person who is at least twenty-five years old, permanently resides
in Armenia, has the right to vote and knows the Armenian language,
irrespective of citizenship

Every person who is at least forty years old, has been a citizen only of
the RA for the last four years, has permanently resided in the republic
for the last four years, has a right to vote and knows the Armenian
language

Correct Answer

Question 11. Who from the following can be elected as a deputy (member
of parliament)?

Every person who is at least twenty-five years old, permanently resides
in the RA, has the right to vote and knows the Armenian language,
irrespective of the citizenship

Every person who is at least twenty-five years old, has been a citizen
only of the RA for the last four years, has permanently resided in the
republic for the last four years, has a right to vote and knows the
Armenian language

Every person who is at least twenty-five years old, has been a citizen
only of the RA for the last two years, has permanently resided in the
republic for the last two years, has a right to vote and knows the
Armenian language

Correct Answer

Question 12. For what period the National Assembly is elected?

5 years

for lifetime

8 years

Correct Answer

Question 13. Which of the following are considered
administrative-territorial units of the RA?

Regions and provinces

Regions

Marzes and communities

Correct Answer

Question 14. Who implements the internal policy in the RA?

the government

the people

the court

Correct Answer

Question 15. Who does take the decision to declare war and establish
peace?

the National Assembly, at the proposal of the deputees

the Prime Minister, at the proposal of the National Assembly

the National Assembly, at the proposal of the Government

Correct Answer

Question 16. Who does have a right to personal freedom?

only an Armenian citizen

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 17. Who does have a right to privacy of correspondence?

only an Armenian citizn

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 18. Who does have a right to education?

every person

only a citizen of Armenia

only a good student

Correct Answer

Question 19. The right to exit the Republic of Armenia belongs to:

every person

only an Armenian citizen

foreign citizens

Correct Answer

Question 20. Who has a right to receive legal aid?

every citizen

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 21. The right to elect and to participate in referendums
belongs to:

every person

foreigners who are at least 18 years of age on the day of the elections
or the referendum

Armenian citizens who are at least 18 years of age on the day of the
elections or the referendum

Correct Answer

Question 22. Who has the right to respect of his/her private and family
life?

only an Armenian citizen

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 23. Who has the right to inviolability of the home?

every citizen

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 24. Who has the right to freedom of speech?

every citizen

every person

no one

Correct Answer

Question 25. The intellectual property is protected by:

the national security bodies

the law

the political parties

Correct Answer

Question 26. Who does have the obligation to participate in the defense
of the RA in a manner established by law:

every citizen

foreigners

officials

Correct Answer

Question 27. The government of the Republic of Armenia consists of:

the Prime Minister of the RA and the ministers

the ministers

the Prime Minister of the RA and the governors of marzes

Correct Answer

Question 28. In what order do ethnic Armenians acquire Armenian
citizenship?

simplified

complicated

without any order

Correct Answer

Question 29. Who does convene and chair the sessions of the government
of the Republic of Armenia?

the president of the National Assembly of the RA

the chairman of the court of cassation of the RA

the Prime Minister of the RA

Correct Answer

Question 30. The Constitution of the Republic of Armenia is adopted or
amended by:

the government of the RA

the Constitutional Court of the RA

referendum

Correct Answer

Question 31. Who elects the President of the Republic?

the people

the National Assembly

the government

Correct Answer

Question 32. Who has the right to nominate a candidate of the president
of the Republic?

at least one quarter of the total number of deputies

the Prime Minister

the president of the National Assembly

Correct Answer

Question 33. Who elects the Prime Minister?

the people

the heads of marzes and the ministers

the National Assembly

Correct Answer

Submit

Թ Ե Ս Տ

 

ՀԱՅԱՍՏԱՆԻ ՀԱՆՐԱՊԵՏՈՒԹՅԱՆ ՍԱՀՄԱՆԱԴՐՈՒԹՅԱՆ ԻՄԱՑՈՒԹՅԱՆ ՍՏՈՒԳՄԱՆ

 

Հարց 1. Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում իշխանությունը պատկանում է`

  

1) կուսակցություններին

2) ժողովրդին

3) ՀՀ կառավարությանը

 

Հարց 2. Ինչպիսի՞ պետություն է Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունը`

  

1) ժողովրդավարական.

2) խմբավարական

3) միապետական

 

Հարց 3. Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում ո՞րն է համարվում օրենսդիր մարմին`

     

1) դատարանները

2) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովը

3) կուսակցությունները

 

Հարց 4. Հայաստանի Հանրապետության պետական լեզուն`

 

1) անգլերենն է

2) հայերենն է

3) ռուսերենն է

    

Հարց 5. Հայաստանի Հանրապետության դրոշը եռագույն է`

  

1) կարմիր, կապույտ, սպիտակ գույներով

2) կարմիր, կանաչ, սպիտակ գույներով

3) կարմիր, կապույտ, նարնջագույն գույներով

  

Հարց 6. Հայաստանի Հանրապետության մայրաքաղաքը`

  

1) Գյումրին է

2) Երևանն է

3) Էրեբունին է

  

Հարց 7. Ո՞վ է նշանակում նախարարին`

  

1) կուսակցությունները

2) Հանրապետության նախագահը

3) ՀՀ արդարադատության նախարարը

  

Հարց 8. Բոլորը հավասար են`

   

1) միմյանց առջև

2) օրենքի առջև

3) միայն դատարանի առջև

  

Հարց 9. Մարդը պարտավոր չէ ցուցմունք տալ`

  

1) հանցանք կատարած անձի դեմ

2) իր ընկերների դեմ

3) իր, ամուսնու կամ մերձավոր ազգականների վերաբերյալ

 

Հարց 10. Նշվածներից ո՞վ կարող է ընտրվել Հանրապետության նախագահ`

  

1) քառասուն տարին լրացած, վերջին վեց տարում միայն Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացի հանդիսացող, վերջին վեց տարում Հայաստանի
Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող, ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և
հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք

2) քսանհինգ տարին լրացած, Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող,
ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք՝ անկախ
քաղաքացիությունից

3) քառասուն տարին լրացած, վերջին չորս տարում միայն Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացի հանդիսացող, վերջին չորս տարում Հայաստանի
Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող, ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և
հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք

  

Հարց 11. Նշվածներից ո՞վ կարող է ընտրվել պատգամավոր`

   

1) քսանհինգ տարին լրացած, Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող,
ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք՝ անկախ
քաղաքացիությունից

2) քսանհինգ տարին լրացած, վերջին չորս տարում միայն Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացի հանդիսացող, վերջին չորս տարում Հայաստանի
Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող, ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և
հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) քսանհինգ տարին լրացած, վերջին երկու տարում միայն Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացի հանդիսացող, վերջին երկու տարում Հայաստանի
Հանրապետությունում մշտապես բնակվող, ընտրական իրավունք ունեցող և
հայերենին տիրապետող յուրաքանչյուր ոք

  

Հարց 12. Քանի՞ տարի ժամկետով է ընտրվում ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովը`

  

1) հինգ տարի ժամկետով

2) ցմահ

3) ութ տարի ժամկետով

  

Հարց 13. Նշվածներից որո՞նք են համարվում Հայաստանի Հանրապետության
վարչատարածքային միավորներ`

  

1) շրջանները և գավառները

2) շրջանները

3) մարզերը և համայնքները

  

Հարց 14. Ո՞վ է իրականացնում Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում ներքին
քաղաքականությունը`

  

1) ՀՀ կառավարությունը

2) ժողովուրդը

3) դատարանը

  

Հարց 15. Ո՞վ է ընդունում պատերազմ հայտարարելու և խաղաղություն հաստատելու
մասին որոշումը`

  

1) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովը՝ պատգամավորների առաջարկությամբ

2) ՀՀ վարչապետը՝ ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովի առաջարկությամբ

3) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովը՝ ՀՀ կառավարության առաջարկությամբ

  

Հարց 16. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի անձնական ազատության իրավունք`

  

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

   

Հարց 17. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի նամակագրության գաղտնիության իրավունք`

  

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

  

Հարց 18. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի կրթության իրավունք`

   

1) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

2) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

3) միայն լավ սովորողը

  

Հարց 19. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունից դուրս գալու
իրավունք՝

  

1) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

2) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

3) ոչ ոք

  

Հարց 20. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի իրավաբանական օգնություն ստանալու իրավունք`

  

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

   

Հարց 21. ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովի ընտրությանը և հանրաքվեին մասնակցելու իրավունք
ունեն`

  

1) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

2) ընտրության կամ հանրաքվեի օրը տասնութ տարին լրացած օտարերկրացիները

3) ընտրության կամ հանրաքվեի օրը տասնութ տարին լրացած ՀՀ քաղաքացիները

    

Հարց 22. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի մասնավոր և ընտանեկան կյանքի
անձեռնմխելիության իրավունք

  

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

         

Հարց 23. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի բնակարանի անձեռնմխելիության իրավունք`

   

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

  

Հարց 24. Նշվածներից ո՞վ ունի մտքի ազատության իրավունք`

  

1) միայն ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

  

Հարց 25. Մտավոր սեփականությունը պաշտպանվում է`

  

1) ազգային անվտանգության մարմնի որոշմամբ

2) օրենքով

3) կուսակցությունների որոշումներով

  

Հարց 26. Նշվածներից ո՞վ է պարտավոր օրենքով սահմանված կարգով մասնակցել ՀՀ
պաշտպանությանը`

  

1) ՀՀ քաղաքացին

2) յուրաքանչյուր ոք

3) ոչ ոք

  

Հարց 27. ՀՀ կառավարությունը կազմված է`

  

1) ՀՀ վարչապետից, ՀՀ փոխվարչապետերից և ՀՀ նախարարներից

2) ՀՀ վարչապետից, ՀՀ նախարարներից

3) ՀՀ վարչապետից և ՀՀ մարզպետներից

  

Հարց 28. Ի՞նչ կարգով են Հայաստանի Հանրապետության քաղաքացիություն ձեռք
բերում ազգությամբ հայերը`

  

1) պարզեցված

2) ընդհանուր

3) առանց որևէ կարգի

  

Հարց 29. Ո՞վ է հրավիրում և վարում ՀՀ կառավարության նիստերը`

  

1) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովի նախագահը

2) ՀՀ վճռաբեկ դատարանի նախագահը

3) ՀՀ վարչապետը

  

Հարց 30. Հայաստանի Հանրապետության Սահմանադրությունն ընդունվում է`

  

1) ՀՀ կառավարության կողմից

2) ՀՀ սահմանադրական դատարանի կողմից

3) հանրաքվեի միջոցով

  

Հարց 31. Ու՞մ կողմից է ընտրվում Հանրապետության նախագահը՝

  

1) ժողովրդի

2) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովի

3) ՀՀ կառավարության

  

Հարց 32. Ո՞վ իրավունք ունի առաջադրելու Հանրապետության նախագահի թեկնածու՝

  

1) պատգամավորների ընդհանուր թվի առնվազն մեկ քառորդը

2) ՀՀ վարչապետը

3) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովի նախագահը

  

Հարց 33. Ո՞վ է ընտրում վարչապետին՝

  

1) ժողովուրդը

2) ՀՀ մարզպետները և ՀՀ նախարարները

3) ՀՀ Ազգային ժողովը

  

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Թեստը           | ______          |                 | ________        |
|                 | _______________ |                 | _______________ |
| հանձնեց         |                 |                 |                 |
|                 | (ս              |                 | (անունը,        |
|                 | տորագրությունը) |                 | ազգանունը)      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Թեստը           | ___             | ___________     | __              |
|                 | _______________ |                 | _______________ |
| ընդունեց        |                 | (պաշտոնը)       |                 |
|                 | (ս              |                 | (անունը,        |
|                 | տորագրությունը) |                 | ազգանունը)      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | _________       |
|                 |                 |                 | ______________  |
|                 |                 |                 | 20____ թ.       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

Armenia Passport Form 2024.05.27

-   
-   
-   
-   

0% Complete

1 of 4

My application for Armenian citizenship will be based on: *

Armenian origin (ethnicity)

Marriage to an Armenian citizen

Having a child who is an Armenian citizen

Having a parent who is an Armenian citizen

Residency in Armenia

Investment

OtherOther

I plan to visit Armenia in person to file the application for
citizenship *

Yes, I will file my documents in Yerevan, Armenia

No, I will file my documents at an Armenian embassy

Estimated date of my arrival to Armenia

My current citizenship is: * AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Next

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

[]

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

[]

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

[]

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

[]

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

[]

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

[]

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[] Share 0

[] Post 0

[] Share 0

[] Pin 0

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   []Registration
    -   []Business Opportunities
    -   []Taxation
    -   []Employment
    -   []Employer of Record
    -   []Outsourcing
    -   []Trademark
    -   []Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   []Residence
    -   []Residence by Investment
    -   []Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   []Citizenship
    -   []Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners - Legal Notices &
Copyright | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Cookie Policy

[]



Click here...



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Trademarks in Armenia 

Armenia, a country blending modern progress with a wealth of history and
traditions, beckons with its stunning natural landscapes, culinary
delights, low tax rates, a safe environment, and an affordable cost of
living. Armenia is a member of international organizations like TRIPS
(WTO), WIPO, the Paris Convention, PCT, the Madrid system, and the
Eurasian Economic Union.
Navigating Armenia's legal landscape, especially in matters like
trademark registration, can be easier with the help of local lawyers who
can guide you through the registration process, helping you sidestep
potential pitfalls and optimize your prospects for success. From
conducting comprehensive trademark searches to handling filings,
renewals, oppositions, office actions, customs enforcement, and appeals,
legal assistance is key to a successful experience.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Trademarks in Armenia

1

Trademark Registration Procedure

Examine the full procedure for trademark registration as well as the
benefits of having a trademark registered in Armenia.

[]

learn more

2

Trademark Licensing, Assignment and Security Interests

Explore the framework for trademark licensing, assignment or transfer as
well as security interests on our dedicated section.

[]

learn more

3

Civil and Criminal Proceedings

Investigate the procedural aspects  for criminal proceedings,
encompassing timeframes, costs, as well as appellate litigation and
remedies.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Trademark Registration Procedure

Both domestic and foreign companies and individuals can apply for
trademark registration, regardless of their residency, citizenship, or
existing commercial activities within Armenia's borders.
The application shall contain the following information: applicant's
name and contact details, along with those of any appointed
representative, a clear description of the trademark. a list of goods
and services that the trademark will cover.
Trademark protection in Armenia extends to a wide range of marks used to
distinguish goods and services, and these may be presented graphically.
Examples include letters, numerals, words (including personal and
company names), building names, word combinations, slogans, logos,
images, drawings, holograms, color arrangements, symbols, or
combinations of one or more of those elements.
Applications can be submitted for trademarks already in use or those not
yet in use, with the option to 'claim priority' during the application
process.
Armenia follows the internationally recognized Nice International
Classification System, which includes 45 classes (34 for goods and 11
for services) to categorize trademarks for registration.
Protection of Famous Trademarks:
Foreign trademarks are eligible for protection in Armenia if they have
been used domestically. For well-known foreign trademarks not used in
Armenia, a separate list of famous trademarks is maintained by the IP
Agency. To have a trademark recognized as well-known, applicants must
submit a request to the IP Agency Appellate Committee, provide evidence
of recognition among the Armenian public, and pay a state fee
(approximately USD 600).
Even when a foreign trademark is neither used nor well-known in Armenia,
it can still prevent the registration of an identical or similar
trademark in Armenia if there's a likelihood of confusion, and the
applicant was aware or should have been aware of the foreign trademark's
existence.
It is worth noting that a sign used domestically without formal
registration may still enjoy protection under unfair competition law.

[]

BENEFITS OF TRADEMARK REGISTRATION

Registration confers on the owner the following main benefits:

-   Exclusive right to use the trademark, to dispose of it and to
    prevent others from using and registering confusingly similar
    trademarks;
-   Registration of the trademark is recorded on a public database and
    acts as a deterrent to third parties;
-   Criminal law protects registered trademarks;
-   Trademark registrations can be recorded with the Armenian customs
    authorities for border enforcement mechanisms such as seizures of
    counterfeited goods.

[]

TRADEMARK SEARCH

In Armenia, individuals and businesses have the option to request the
Intellectual Property (IP) Agency to conduct a trademark search. This
search is aimed at identifying trademarks that are either identical or
similar to the one you intend to register and are already protected in
Armenia. The government fees associated with conducting a trademark
search can vary depending on the type of mark (whether it's a word, an
image, or a combination of both) and the number of classes of goods and
services that your trademark will cover. The trademark search process
typically takes around two months to complete. Importantly, conducting a
trademark search before filing your trademark application is not
obligatory. 

[]

DISCLAIMERS & CONSENTS

Disclaimers:

-   Disclaimers are often included alongside the trademark application.
    Their purpose is to proactively address any concerns and prevent
    office actions by the IP Agency.
-   A disclaimer is essentially a statement indicating that the
    applicant does not claim exclusive rights to use a specific word
    within the trademark in isolation. Instead, exclusive rights are
    asserted over the entire mark as a whole.

Letters of Consent:

-   A letter of consent can be a valuable tool to overcome potential
    registration refusal. In this case, the applicant requests the owner
    of an identical or similar trademark (which may or may not have an
    affiliation with the applicant) to issue a letter of consent.
-   Typically, trademark owners are willing to provide such consent
    letters if they believe that there will be no confusion among
    consumers due to the similarity of the trademarks.

[]

SUBSTANTIVE EXAMINATION BY IP AGENCY

When you submit a trademark application to the Intellectual Property
(IP) Agency in Armenia, it will acknowledge the receipt of your
trademark application, which includes details about the trademark itself
and the applicant's name. Within one month following the application
submission, the IP Agency will conduct a formal examination. This
involves checking for proper classification and ensuring that there are
no irregularities in the application. If everything is in order, the IP
Agency will publish the trademark application in the Official Journal,
signaling the beginning of a two-month opposition period. 

Simultaneously, the IP Agency conducts a substantive examination. This
examination involves two main aspects:

-   The agency checks whether your trademark violates any absolute
    grounds for refusal, such as if it is deemed too descriptive.
-   The IP Agency examines your application for relative grounds for
    refusal, which are based on potential conflicts with other
    trademarks or prior rights held by third parties. This includes
    considering any oppositions raised by third parties during the
    opposition period.

The substantive examination typically takes no longer than three months.
However, if an opposition is filed during the two-month opposition
period, the process may be extended.

[]

OPPOSITIONS BY THIRD PARTIES

Once a trademark application successfully clears the initial examination
stage and is accepted, it is published online in the Official Journal,
marking the start of a two-month opposition period. The most
common ground for opposing a trademark in Armenia is based on prior
rights. This occurs when the opponent holds an earlier trademark that
they consider to be the same as, or similar to, the applicant's
trademark. When an opponent decides to challenge a trademark, they
initiate the process by filing a formal notice of opposition. An
official fee of approximately $25 is payable for this action. Typically,
there will be one or two exchanges of briefs between the parties,
presenting arguments and evidence to support their respective positions.
After the brief exchange process, the Intellectual Property (IP) Agency
will evaluate the opposition and issue an opposition decision.

[]

SECOND EXAMINATION & APPEALS

If your trademark application is rejected during the first examination
by the IP Agency, the applicant has the opportunity to request a second
examination. This request must be made within two months after you have
been notified of the rejection. During the second examination, which
takes place within a two-month period, the IP Agency will review your
application again. A decision will be issued either confirming the
initial rejection or overturning it.

If an unfavorable decision is issued following the second examination,
you have the right to appeal it. The appeal should be directed to the
Appellate Committee of the IP Agency and must be submitted within three
months after you have been served with the unfavorable decision.

The decisions of the first examiner, the second examiner, or the
Appellate Committee are subject to an appeal to the Administrative
Court. This appeal must be submitted within six months after you have
been served with the respective decision.

[]

PUBLICATION & REGISTRATION

After receiving approval, the applicant will be required to pay the
government fees associated with the trademark registration process. The
IP Agency will publish the decision to grant protection for your
trademark in the Official Journal. This publication serves as official
notice of the approved registration. The publication will be available
at https://www.aipo.am/en/. Upon successful completion of the
registration process, the IP Agency will issue a certificate of
registration to the trademark applicant.

[]

GOVERNMENT FEES

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Government      | Normal Rate     | Applicants with | Applicants with |
| Service         |                 | <100 Employees  | <25 Employees   |
|                 |                 |                 | or Individual   |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 | Applicants      |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Trademark       | AMD 30,000      | AMD 15,000      | AMD 7,500       |
| application     |                 |                 |                 |
| (one class)     |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Substantive     | AMD 40,000      | AMD 20,000      | AMD 10,000      |
| examination     |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Each additional | AMD 15,000      | AMD 7,500       | AMD 3,750       |
| class           |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Registration    | AMD 50,000      | AMD 25,000      | AMD 12,500      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Extension       | AMD 120,000     | AMD 60,000      | AMD 30,000      |
| (renewal)       |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Each additional | AMD 10,000      | AMD 5,000       | AMD 2,500       |
| class           |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Assignment      | AMD 60,000      | AMD 30,000      | AMD 15,000      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Amendments      | AMD 20,000      | AMD 10,000      | AMD 5,000       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Search          | AMD 20,000      | AMD 10,000      | AMD 5,000       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Opposition      | AMD 10,000      | AMD 5,000       | AMD 2,500       |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Appeal to the   | AMD 50,000      | AMD 25,000      | AMD 12,500      |
| appellate board |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Record          | AMD 20,000      | AMD 10,000      | AMD 5,000       |
| trademark with  |                 |                 |                 |
| customs         |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

[]

RENEWAL AND USE

Once your trademark is successfully registered in Armenia, it is granted
protection for a period of 10 years, starting from the date of filing
the application. To maintain the registration of your trademark beyond
the initial 10-year period, you must apply for renewal. Official renewal
fees apply, which are currently approximately $300 for a trademark in
one class. Renewal fees must be paid to the Intellectual Property (IP)
Agency before the expiration of the 10-year term or within a six-month
grace period, though a higher fee may be required during the grace
period.

Owners of registered trademarks in Armenia have the option to use the ®
symbol to indicate that their mark is officially registered. While using
this symbol is not mandatory, it serves as a powerful visual cue to
third parties, putting them on notice and discouraging unauthorized use
of the trademark.

Once a trademark is registered, there is a five-year grace period during
which it cannot be contested on the grounds of non-use. After this
initial grace period, anyone may file a cancellation action based on
non-use. In such cases, the maintenance of the trademark will depend on
the trademark owner's ability to provide evidence of use or justify
non-use. Importantly, if a registered trademark in Armenia is not
effectively used within the five years preceding the assertion of claims
against third parties, the owner may not assert claims against those
third parties.

[]

Trademark Licensing, Assignment and Security Interests

Trademark Licensing:

-   To ensure the validity and enforceability of a license
    agreement against third parties, it must be recorded with the
    Intellectual Property (IP) Agency.
-   License agreements can specify various terms, such as whether the
    license is exclusive, sole, or non-exclusive. It's also possible to
    designate a partial license, which covers only specific goods or
    services associated with the trademark.

Trademark Assignment or Transfer:

-   The right conferred by the registration of a trademark or a
    trademark application can be transferred or assigned to another
    person. This can apply to some or all of the goods or services for
    which the trademark is protected.
-   Similar to license agreements, the assignment or transfer must be
    recorded with the IP Agency to be valid and enforceable against
    third parties.
-   The business previously associated with the trademark does not
    necessarily have to be transferred along with the trademark itself.

Requirements for Assignment:

-   To register the assignment, a written assignment document signed by
    the assignor (previous owner) is necessary. Notarization or
    legalization is not required.
-   The assignment document should be translated into Armenian, and a
    state fee of approximately $150 is payable.
-   Failure to register the assignment can render it unenforceable not
    only against innocent third parties but also against both the
    assignor and the assignee.
-   The IP Agency typically has one month to examine the documentation
    and complete the registration process.

Security Interests:

-   Armenian law recognizes security interests (collateral rights) over
    trademarks.
-   Trademarks (or trademark applications) can be used as security or
    levied in execution.
-   These security interests, such as liens and pledges, may also be
    recorded with the IP Agency.

[]

Customs Border Enforcement

The owner of a registered Armenian trademark can apply to the Armenian
State Revenue Committee to retain goods suspected of infringing their
trademark rights at the Armenian border. To initiate this process, a
state fee of approximately $50 is required, which should be submitted
along with the application.

When customs authorities suspect that incoming goods may infringe
trademark rights, they have the authority to take action. This action
may involve suspending the release of the goods or detaining them for
further examination. The period during which customs authorities can
take action to suspend or detain goods shall not exceed two years. This
period can be renewed as long as the trademark remains in force.

The customs authorities are obligated to inform both the trademark owner
and the declarant or holder of the goods about their actions. Upon
receiving this information, stakeholders have a window of 10 working
days to initiate additional steps. After receiving notice from customs
authorities, trademark owners may need to take further steps to protect
their rights. These steps may include posting security and obtaining a
preliminary court injunction to suspend the release of the goods by
court order.

[]

Civil and Criminal Proceedings

In Armenia, trademark enforcement involves several legal avenues,
including civil, criminal, and administrative procedures. Civil actions
for trademark enforcement are initiated in the courts of general
jurisdiction. These actions begin with the submission of a written
statement of claim in the court of general jurisdiction, determined by
the defendant's place of residence. The defendant is then served and
required to file a statement of defense. Both parties present their case
through written briefs and oral hearings, with a final decision made by
a qualified judge.
Criminal proceedings, on the other hand, start when an injured party
files a criminal complaint. These proceedings include a pretrial
investigation phase, conducted confidentially, to decide if the case
should proceed to trial. Trademark owners have the option to join
criminal proceedings as aggrieved parties. Civil and criminal
proceedings may run concurrently, and the duration of criminal
proceedings is similar to civil ones.
In terms of eligibility to bring an action, trademark infringement
cases can be initiated by the trademark owner. Licensees may bring
actions with the owner's consent, unless the license agreement states
otherwise. Exclusive licensees can independently pursue legal action if
the owner doesn't respond within a reasonable time after their request.

[]

Evidence

In trademark infringement cases in Armenia, the burden of proof follows
a general rule: the plaintiff is responsible for proving all the facts
that support their claim, while the defendant must prove any facts that
serve to defend their position. Various types of evidence, such as
invoices, samples of infringing products, catalogs, and brochures, are
admissible, and the court determines the weight given to each piece of
evidence.
In criminal cases related to trademark infringement, an investigator is
appointed to conduct investigations aimed at establishing the
infringement.
Activities of an alleged infringer outside Armenia, as well as any
ongoing or closed legal actions against them in other countries, can be
significant as supportive evidence to establish infringement or dilution
in Armenia.
Armenian procedural law does not include full discovery procedures, but
in pending trademark infringement actions, courts generally have the
authority to order evidence disclosure measures upon request by a party.
These measures may include the disclosure of documents and the
inspection of objects. Additionally, it is possible to obtain the
seizure of infringing goods as a provisional remedy, which can serve as
proof in subsequent legal proceedings. Armenia became a party to the
Hague Evidence Convention in 2012, further enhancing its legal framework
for evidence-related matters in trademark cases.

[]

Litigation Time-frame and Cost 

The duration of trademark infringement or dilution proceedings in
Armenia can vary widely based on several factors, including court
workload, the complexity of the case, documentation requirements,
procedural challenges, and the possibility of appeals. On average, it
typically takes seven to nine months for a judgment to be issued in
trademark cases, provided that no expert opinion is needed. The initial
hearing is usually scheduled approximately two months after filing the
lawsuit. If an appeal is filed, a decision from the Court of Appeal may
take an additional five to six months, while proceedings before the
Court of Cassation generally require three to four months. Interim
protective measures can be obtained swiftly, often within days.
Trademark litigation costs in Armenia also vary significantly and depend
on various factors, including the choice of legal counsel and the
complexity of the case. These costs encompass expenses related to
necessary documentation, witness statements, expert opinions,
translation services, marketing reports, market surveys, and whether the
trademark owner seeks preliminary injunctions or other provisional
remedies. A typical range for attorneys' fees associated with filing and
prosecuting an action in the court of first instance ranges from $2,000
to $5,000. In appeal proceedings, attorneys' fees are typically lower
due to the more limited subject matter. Additionally, court fees, which
must be advanced to the court, are calculated based on the value in
dispute, with trial courts typically charging 2% and appellate courts
3%. While the court generally awards attorneys' fees to the prevailing
party at the end of an action, these sums typically represent only a
percentage of the actual costs incurred, often ranging from 30% to 50%
of the total expenses.
It is worth noting that criminal actions may be less expensive than
civil actions because governmental authorities handle certain aspects of
the work, including investigations. Nonetheless, counsel involvement is
still required, and there are costs associated with this involvement. 

[]

Appellate Litigation

In civil actions related to trademark infringement and dilution in
Armenia, there is a single avenue of appeal available. This process
involves appealing from the court of general jurisdiction to the Court
of Appeals and subsequently to the Court of Cassation. It's important to
note that preliminary injunctions and other provisional remedies are not
subject to appeal. The appeal must be submitted within one month from
the day of publication of the judgment issued by the first-instance
court.
When the case reaches the Court of Appeals, the review is conducted
within the boundaries of the appeal. Generally, new evidence is not
admissible at this stage. Appeals can be filed for various reasons,
including violations of civil procedure provisions, errors in the
findings of facts, incomplete findings of facts, or incorrect
application of material law.
The Court of Cassation, however, does not delve into the facts of the
case but focuses solely on issues related to the law, its
interpretation, and its application.

[]

Defenses

In trademark infringement proceedings in Armenia, various defenses are
available to defendants, depending on the specific circumstances of the
case. These defenses can generally be grouped into four categories:

1. Non-Infringement: This category includes defenses where the defendant
argues that there is no trademark infringement. Examples of
non-infringement defenses are:

-   The sign in question is not identical or similar to the plaintiff's
    trademark.
-   The goods or services using the sign are not identical or similar to
    those covered by the plaintiff's trademark registration.
-   When assessing the likelihood of confusion, factors such as
    differences between the marks, goods or services, distribution
    channels, purchasers, and the strength of the mark should be
    considered.
-   If dilution is claimed, the defendant may argue that the plaintiff's
    mark has not acquired the necessary reputation or that there is no
    dilution.

2. Justification (Affirmative Defenses): These defenses assert that the
defendant's actions are justified and legal. Examples of justification
defenses are:

-   Exhaustion: The defendant may argue that the trademark owner cannot
    prohibit the use of the trademark on goods that have already been
    placed on the market with the owner's consent, unless there are
    legitimate reasons to object.
-   Non-Action (Acquiescence/Tolerance): The defendant may claim that
    the trademark owner has tolerated the use of the allegedly
    infringing trademark for five successive years, indicating implied
    consent.
-   Fair Use: The exclusive trademark rights do not extend to
    challenging the use of certain indications necessary to describe a
    product or service, especially as an accessory or spare part,
    provided it's done in accordance with fair business practices.
-   Freedom of expression may also be a valid reason for use.
-   Bad faith: The defendant may argue that the plaintiff registered the
    mark in bad faith, constituting an "abuse of right."

3. Counter-claims: These are claims filed by the defendant with the
court where the infringement action was initiated. 

-   Invalidity. The defendant may argue that the plaintiff’s trademark
    has descriptive or misleading content, or has become generic, so
    that the plaintiff’s trademark registration is thus null and void
    and must be cancelled. The plaintiff’s trademark may also be
    vulnerable to a claim for invalidity on the basis of an earlier
    right. For alleged infringement of a well known trademark the
    defendant may claim that the trademark in question is not well
    known.
-   Non-use. The defendant may also argue that the grace period of five
    years for the non-use of the plaintiff’s trademark registration has
    expired and that the plaintiff’s trademark right has thus become
    unenforceable.
-   Dilution. The plaintiff’s trademark may have become subject to
    revocation on the basis that, in consequence of the acts or
    inactivity of the proprietor, it has become the common name in the
    trade for a product or service for which it is registered.

4. General Procedural Defenses: These defenses pertain to procedural
aspects of the case and may involve arguing that the claim is
time-barred, questioning the capacity of the plaintiff to bring
proceedings, or alleging bad faith on the part of the plaintiff.

[]

Remedies

In trademark infringement cases in Armenia, prevailing plaintiffs have
access to various remedies to address the infringement. These remedies
can include:

1. Monetary Damages: The court may award monetary compensation to the
plaintiff. The amount of damages can depend on factors such as the
plaintiff's demonstrated loss or damage, the defendant's unlawful
profit, and other relevant considerations. It may be based on publicly
available financial reports, lost license fees, reduced sales, trademark
dilution, or disruption of the distribution network. In some cases,
expert evaluation may be used to assess the harm suffered by the
plaintiff.

2. Injunction Against Future Infringement: The court can issue an
injunction to prevent the defendant from further using the plaintiff's
trademark. This can prohibit the defendant from continuing the
infringing activities for the duration of the legal proceedings.

3. Erasure of the Infringing Sign: The court may order the removal or
erasure of the infringing trademark or sign. This remedy aims to
eliminate the presence of the unauthorized trademark.

4. Seizure and Destruction of Infringing Goods: The court can order the
seizure and destruction of goods bearing the infringing trademark. This
measure is intended to prevent the sale or distribution of counterfeit
products.

5. Publication of the Judgment: The court may order the publication of
its judgment at the defendant's expense. This can serve to inform the
public about the court's decision and potentially act as a deterrent to
future trademark infringement.

6. Award of Attorney's Fees: The court may award reasonable attorney's
fees to the prevailing party. This can help compensate the plaintiff for
legal expenses incurred during the litigation.

7. Interim Protective Measures: In cases of urgent trademark
infringement, the plaintiff can request interim protective measures.
These can include restraining orders (banning further sale), attachment
of goods, custody of goods (e.g., seizure from the infringer's
warehouse), and preservation of evidence. Interim measures are typically
granted ex parte, without the defendant's participation, and remain in
effect until a final judgment is reached.

8. Disclosure of Information: The court may order the infringer to
provide banking, financial, and commercial documents related to the
trademark infringing activities. This can help the plaintiff obtain
evidence and details about the infringing activities.

9. Destruction of Unlawfully Marked Products: Successful plaintiffs can
request the destruction of products unlawfully marked with the
infringing trademark. This may also apply to materials and devices
primarily used for the unlawful marking of products.

10. Customs Assistance: Customs authorities can assist in stopping
counterfeit goods at the border. Customs may suspend the release of
goods suspected of trademark infringement, allowing the trademark owner
to take further legal action.

11. Criminal Sanctions: Armenian law provides for criminal sanctions
against trademark infringement. Unlawful use of a trademark that causes
significant damages (exceeding approximately $500) can result in fines
ranging from approximately $1,200 to $2,400 or imprisonment for up to
three months. Lesser administrative offenses may also incur fines of
approximately $250 to $500. Third parties, such as distributors,
importers, holders, or exporters of infringing goods, may also face
criminal sanctions. Search and seizure orders under criminal law can
enable swift intervention by enforcement authorities.

[]

Alternative Dispute Resolution

Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) methods, such as mediation and
arbitration, are available in Armenia for trademark disputes, although
they are not commonly used. Here are some key points regarding ADR in
Armenia:

1. Availability of ADR: ADR methods like mediation and arbitration are
options for resolving trademark disputes in Armenia.

2. Arbitration Clauses: A common scenario for utilizing arbitration is
when parties have included an arbitration clause in a prior contract,
such as a license or distribution agreement. When such a clause is
present, it typically stipulates that any disputes arising from the
contract will be resolved through arbitration.

3. Pre-Existing Contractual Relationship: ADR methods, especially
arbitration, are typically accessible when there is a pre-existing
contractual relationship between the parties that includes an
arbitration clause. In cases where no such contractual relationship
exists, trademark disputes may need to be addressed through ordinary
court proceedings.

4. Enforceability: Arbitral awards resulting from ADR proceedings can be
enforceable as judicial decisions, provided they have been declared
enforceable by a court. This means that parties can seek enforcement of
arbitration awards through the court system if necessary.

5. Benefits of Arbitration:

-   Confidentiality: Arbitration proceedings are often confidential,
    offering privacy to the parties involved.
-   Flexibility: ADR processes, particularly arbitration, are flexible
    in terms of procedure and scheduling, allowing parties to tailor the
    process to their needs.
-   Shorter Duration: Arbitration can be faster than traditional court
    litigation, potentially resulting in quicker dispute resolution.
-   Choice of Law and Neutrals: Parties have more control over factors
    such as the choice of applicable law and selection of arbitrators
    (neutrals).
-   Multi-Jurisdictional Disputes: Arbitration can be advantageous for
    resolving trademark disputes that involve parties from different
    jurisdictions.

6. Drawbacks of Arbitration:

-   Costs: While arbitration can be cost-effective compared to
    litigation in some countries, there are still expenses associated
    with the payment of arbitrators, venue, legal representation, and
    other related costs.
-   Preliminary Measures: In situations requiring urgent preliminary
    measures (e.g., injunctions), ordinary courts may be better equipped
    to provide immediate relief.
-   Limited Appeals: Arbitration awards typically have limited avenues
    for appeal compared to court judgments.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



Click here...



{"name":"Visa, Residence & Citizenship Lawyers in
Armenia","description":"Visa, Residence & Passport | LLC Company
Registration","url":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com","home":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com","gmt_offset":4,"timezone_string":"Asia\/Yerevan","namespaces":["frm-admin\/v1","oembed\/1.0","rankmath\/v1","siteground-settings\/v1","siteground-optimizer\/v1","sg-security\/v1","tcm\/v1","tvo\/v1","thrive-product-manager\/v1","tcb\/v1","yoast\/v1","wp-rollback\/v1","meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1","media-cleaner\/v1","rankmath\/v1\/ca","rankmath\/v1\/an","rankmath\/v1\/in","ttb\/v1","td\/v1","tss\/v1","trd\/v1","td-metrics\/v1","tve-dash\/v1","wp\/v2","wp-site-health\/v1","wp-block-editor\/v1"],"authentication":{"application-passwords":{"endpoints":{"authorization":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-admin\/authorize-application.php"}}},"routes":{"\/":{"namespace":"","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/"}]}},"\/batch\/v1":{"namespace":"","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"validation":{"type":"string","enum":["require-all-validate","normal"],"default":"normal","required":false},"requests":{"type":"array","maxItems":25,"items":{"type":"object","properties":{"method":{"type":"string","enum":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"default":"POST"},"path":{"type":"string","required":true},"body":{"type":"object","properties":[],"additionalProperties":true},"headers":{"type":"object","properties":[],"additionalProperties":{"type":["string","array"],"items":{"type":"string"}}}}},"required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/batch\/v1"}]}},"\/frm-admin\/v1":{"namespace":"frm-admin\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"frm-admin\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/frm-admin\/v1"}]}},"\/frm-admin\/v1\/install":{"namespace":"frm-admin\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/frm-admin\/v1\/install"}]}},"\/frm-admin\/v1\/install-addon":{"namespace":"frm-admin\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/frm-admin\/v1\/install-addon"}]}},"\/oembed\/1.0":{"namespace":"oembed\/1.0","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"oembed\/1.0","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/oembed\/1.0"}]}},"\/oembed\/1.0\/embed":{"namespace":"oembed\/1.0","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"url":{"description":"The
URL of the resource for which to fetch oEmbed
data.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":true},"format":{"default":"json","required":false},"maxwidth":{"default":600,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/oembed\/1.0\/embed"}]}},"\/oembed\/1.0\/proxy":{"namespace":"oembed\/1.0","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"url":{"description":"The
URL of the resource for which to fetch oEmbed
data.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":true},"format":{"description":"The
oEmbed format to
use.","type":"string","default":"json","enum":["json","xml"],"required":false},"maxwidth":{"description":"The
maximum width of the embed frame in
pixels.","type":"integer","default":600,"required":false},"maxheight":{"description":"The
maximum height of the embed frame in
pixels.","type":"integer","required":false},"discover":{"description":"Whether
to perform an oEmbed discovery request for unsanctioned
providers.","type":"boolean","default":true,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/oembed\/1.0\/proxy"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"rankmath\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/saveModule":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"module":{"type":"string","description":"Module
slug","required":true},"state":{"type":"string","description":"Module
state either on or
off","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/saveModule"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/autoUpdate":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/autoUpdate"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/toolsAction":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/toolsAction"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMode":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMode"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/dashboardWidget":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/dashboardWidget"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSeoScore":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSeoScore"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSettings":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSettings"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/resetSettings":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/resetSettings"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/disconnectSite":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"token":{"type":"string","description":"Site
token","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/disconnectSite"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/getFeaturedImageId":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/getFeaturedImageId"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateRedirection":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateRedirection"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMeta":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"objectType":{"type":"string","description":"Object
Type i.e. post, term,
user","required":true},"objectID":{"type":"integer","description":"Object
unique id","required":true},"meta":{"description":"Meta to add or update
data.","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMeta"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSchemas":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"objectType":{"type":"string","description":"Object
Type i.e. post, term,
user","required":true},"objectID":{"type":"integer","description":"Object
unique id","required":true},"schemas":{"description":"schemas to add or
update
data.","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateSchemas"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMetaBulk":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"rows":{"description":"No
meta rows found to
update.","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/updateMetaBulk"}]}},"\/siteground-settings\/v1":{"namespace":"siteground-settings\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"siteground-settings\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-settings\/v1"}]}},"\/siteground-settings\/v1\/update-settings":{"namespace":"siteground-settings\/v1","methods":["PUT","PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-settings\/v1\/update-settings"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/webp-support":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT","GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]},{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/webp-support"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/reset-webp-conversion":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/reset-webp-conversion"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/fetch-options":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/fetch-options"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-option":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-option"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-option":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-option"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/combine-css":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/combine-css"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/preload-combined-css":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/preload-combined-css"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/fetch-options\/(?P[^\/]+)":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"page_id":{"required":false}}}]},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/purge-rest-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/purge-rest-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/logged-in-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/logged-in-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-gzip-compression":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-gzip-compression"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-browser-caching":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-browser-caching"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-css":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-css"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-javascript":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-javascript"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/combine-javascript":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/combine-javascript"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-javascript-async":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-javascript-async"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-html":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-html"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-web-fonts":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-web-fonts"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/remove-query-strings":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/remove-query-strings"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-emojis":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-emojis"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/lazyload-images":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/lazyload-images"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/backup-media":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/backup-media"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/memcached":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/memcached"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/autoflush-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/autoflush-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/purge-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/purge-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/user-agent-header":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/user-agent-header"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/test-url-cache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/test-url-cache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-memcache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-memcache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-memcache":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-memcache"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/file-caching":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/file-caching"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/file-caching-settings":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/file-caching-settings"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-multisite-optimization":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/enable-multisite-optimization"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-multisite-optimization":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/disable-multisite-optimization"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/run-analysis":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/run-analysis"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/exclude\/(?P[^\/]+)":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT","PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}},{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"type":{"required":false}}}]},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/feature-popup\/(?P[^\/]+)":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"type":{"required":false},"page_id":{"required":false}}}]},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/performance-report":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/performance-report"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/perf-notification-email":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/perf-notification-email"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-images":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT","GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]},{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/optimize-images"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/reset-images-optimization":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/reset-images-optimization"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/preview-image(?:\/(?P\\d+))?":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[{"required":false}]}]},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/image-resize":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/image-resize"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/ssl":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/ssl"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/fix-insecure-content":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/fix-insecure-content"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/database-optimization":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/database-optimization"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/heartbeat\/(?P[^\/]+)":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":{"location":{"required":false}}}]},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/notifications":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/notifications"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/hardening":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/hardening"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/e-book":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/e-book"}]}},"\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/rate":{"namespace":"siteground-optimizer\/v1","methods":["PUT","GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["PUT"],"args":[]},{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/siteground-optimizer\/v1\/rate"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"sg-security\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/fetch-options":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/fetch-options"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/reinstall-plugins":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/reinstall-plugins"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/force-password-reset":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/force-password-reset"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/logout-users":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/logout-users"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/lock-system-folders":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/lock-system-folders"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-editors":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-editors"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/hide-wp-version":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/hide-wp-version"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-xml-rpc":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-xml-rpc"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-feeds":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-feeds"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/delete-readme":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/delete-readme"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/xss-protection":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/xss-protection"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/2fa":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/2fa"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/reset-user-2fa\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"required":false}}}]},"\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-admin-username":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/disable-admin-username"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/login-access":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/login-access"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/limit-login-attempts":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/limit-login-attempts"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/custom-login-url":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/custom-login-url"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/notifications":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/notifications"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/hardening":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/hardening"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/e-book":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/e-book"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/rate":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/rate"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-unknown":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-unknown"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-registered":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-registered"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/blocked-users":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/blocked-users"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/block-ip\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"ip":{"required":false}}}]},"\/sg-security\/v1\/login-unblock":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/login-unblock"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/block-user\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"required":false}}}]},"\/sg-security\/v1\/get-visitor-status\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"ip":{"required":false}}}]},"\/sg-security\/v1\/weekly-report":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/weekly-report"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/notification-emails":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/notification-emails"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/manage-activity-log":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/manage-activity-log"}]}},"\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-log-lifetime":{"namespace":"sg-security\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/sg-security\/v1\/activity-log-lifetime"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"tcm\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/live_update":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"post_id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"update_interval":{"type":"integer","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/live_update"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/update_post_subscriber":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/update_post_subscriber"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/vote":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"secret_spam":{"type":"string","required":true},"comment_id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"vote_type":{"type":"string","enum":["upvote","downvote"],"required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/vote"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/gravatar":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"comment_id":{"type":"integer","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/gravatar"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/unsubscribe\/(?P[\\d]+)\/(?P[\\d]+)\/(?P[\\S]+)":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcm\/v1\/comments\/unsubscribe\/(?P[\\d]+)\/(?P[\\S]+)":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/keyboard-tooltip":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/keyboard-tooltip"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/keywords":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/keywords"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/reporting":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/reporting"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/redirect_autocomplete":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/redirect_autocomplete"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/get_post_name_by_id":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/settings\/get_post_name_by_id"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/moderation":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to comments published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"author":{"description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned to specific user IDs. Requires
authorization.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"author_exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes comments assigned to specific user IDs. Requires
authorization.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"author_email":{"default":null,"description":"Limit
result set to that from a specific author email. Requires
authorization.","format":"email","type":"string","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to comments published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by comment
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date_gmt","enum":["date","date_gmt","id","include","post","parent","type"],"required":false},"parent":{"default":[],"description":"Limit
result set to comments of specific parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"default":[],"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"post":{"default":[],"description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned to specific post
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"approve","description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned a specific status. Requires
authorization.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"default":"comment","description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned a specific type. Requires
authorization.","type":"string","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"author":{"description":"The
ID of the user object, if author was a
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"author_email":{"description":"Email
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"author_ip":{"description":"IP
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"ip","required":false},"author_name":{"description":"Display
name for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"author_url":{"description":"URL
for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"author_user_agent":{"description":"User
agent for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
comment.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the comment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the comment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, as
GMT.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"parent":{"default":0,"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"default":0,"description":"The
ID of the associated post
object.","type":"integer","required":false},"status":{"description":"State
of the
comment.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/moderation"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the parent post of the comment (if the post is password
protected).","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID of the user object, if author was a
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"author_email":{"description":"Email
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"author_ip":{"description":"IP
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"ip","required":false},"author_name":{"description":"Display
name for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"author_url":{"description":"URL
for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"author_user_agent":{"description":"User
agent for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
comment.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the comment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the comment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, as
GMT.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"description":"The
ID of the associated post
object.","type":"integer","required":false},"status":{"description":"State
of the
comment.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false},"password":{"description":"The password for
the parent post of the comment (if the post is password
protected).","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/bulk_actions":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/bulk_actions"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/moderators":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/moderators"}]}},"\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/gravatar":{"namespace":"tcm\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcm\/v1\/moderation\/gravatar"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"tvo\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/landing_testimonial_autocomplete":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"post_type":{"required":false},"post_status":{"required":false},"posts_per_page":{"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/landing_testimonial_autocomplete"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/get_post_name_by_id":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"post_type":{"required":false},"post_status":{"required":false},"posts_per_page":{"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/get_post_name_by_id"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api\/activate":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api\/activate"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api\/testconnection":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/api\/testconnection"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/config":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/config"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/landing-page\/config":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/landing-page\/config"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/test":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/test"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/process":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/email\/process"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/default-placeholder":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/settings\/default-placeholder"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}]},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/add":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/add"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/email\/approval":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/email\/approval"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/form":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/form"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/copy":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/testimonials\/copy"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/tags":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/tags"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/tags\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}]},"\/tvo\/v1\/tags\/add_multiple_tags_to_multiple_testimonials":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/tags\/add_multiple_tags_to_multiple_testimonials"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/socialmedia\/import_testimonial":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/socialmedia\/import_testimonial"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/socialmedia\/gravatar":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/socialmedia\/gravatar"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/comments\/import_edit_testimonial":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/comments\/import_edit_testimonial"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/comments\/ask_permission_email":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/comments\/ask_permission_email"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}]},"\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes\/frontend\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes\/render":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/shortcodes\/render"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/postmeta":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/postmeta"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/postmeta\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}]},"\/tvo\/v1\/filters":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tvo\/v1\/filters"}]}},"\/tvo\/v1\/filters\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tvo\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}]},"\/thrive-product-manager\/v1":{"namespace":"thrive-product-manager\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"thrive-product-manager\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/thrive-product-manager\/v1"}]}},"\/thrive-product-manager\/v1\/deactivate\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"thrive-product-manager\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcb\/v1":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"tcb\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/symbols":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/symbols"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/symbols\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/symbols\/cloud":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/symbols\/cloud"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/symbols\/cloud\/(?P.+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
object.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/posts":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/posts"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/html":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/html"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/terms":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/terms"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/authors":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/authors"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/taxonomies":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/posts\/taxonomies"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/logo":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/logo"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/logo\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/logo\/rename_logo\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/post-list-filter\/filter-options":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"filter_option":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/post-list-filter\/filter-options"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/post-list-filter\/option-template":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"filter-type":{"type":"string","required":true},"filter-option":{"type":"string","required":true},"filter-option-selection":{"type":"string","required":false},"filter-all-option":{"type":"boolean","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/post-list-filter\/option-template"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/analyze":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"to_analyze":{"type":"array","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/analyze"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/options":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"key":{"type":"string","required":true},"value":{"type":"int","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/options"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/optimize":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/lightspeed\/optimize"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"yoast\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/configurator":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/configurator"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/reindex_posts":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/reindex_posts"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/statistics":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/statistics"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/ryte":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/ryte"}]}},"\/wp-rollback\/v1":{"namespace":"wp-rollback\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"wp-rollback\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-rollback\/v1"}]}},"\/wp-rollback\/v1\/fetch-info":{"namespace":"wp-rollback\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"type":{"type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-rollback\/v1\/fetch-info"}]}},"\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1":{"namespace":"meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1"}]}},"\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1\/get_license":{"namespace":"meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1\/get_license"}]}},"\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1\/set_license":{"namespace":"meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/meow-licenser\/wpmc\/v1\/set_license"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"media-cleaner\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/update_options":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/update_options"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_options":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_options"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/all_settings":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/all_settings"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/count":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/count"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/all_ids":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/all_ids"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/stats":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"search":{"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/stats"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/entries":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"limit":{"default":10,"required":false},"skip":{"default":20,"required":false},"filterBy":{"default":"all","required":false},"orderBy":{"default":"id","required":false},"order":{"default":"desc","required":false},"search":{"required":false},"repairMode":{"default":false,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/entries"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/set_ignore":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/set_ignore"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/delete":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/delete"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/recover":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/recover"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_db":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_db"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/repair":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/repair"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_issues":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_issues"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_issues_and_references":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_issues_and_references"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_references":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/reset_references"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/extract_references":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/extract_references"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/retrieve_medias":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/retrieve_medias"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/retrieve_files":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/retrieve_files"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/check_targets":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/check_targets"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/uploads_directory_hierarchy":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"force":{"default":false,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/uploads_directory_hierarchy"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/refresh_logs":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/refresh_logs"}]}},"\/media-cleaner\/v1\/clear_logs":{"namespace":"media-cleaner\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/media-cleaner\/v1\/clear_logs"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/researchKeyword":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/researchKeyword"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/getCredits":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/getCredits"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/createPost":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/createPost"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/saveOutput":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/saveOutput"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/deleteOutput":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/deleteOutput"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updateRecentPrompt":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updateRecentPrompt"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updatePrompt":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updatePrompt"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/savePrompts":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/savePrompts"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/pingContentAI":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/pingContentAI"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/migrateuser":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/migrateuser"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/generateAlt":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/generateAlt"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updateCredits":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/ca","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/ca\/updateCredits"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"rankmath\/v1\/an","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/dashboard":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/dashboard"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsOverview":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsOverview"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/postsSummary":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/postsSummary"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/postsRowsByObjects":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/postsRowsByObjects"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/post\/(?P\\d+)":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsSummary":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsSummary"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/analyticsSummary":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/analyticsSummary"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsRows":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/keywordsRows"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/userPreferences":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/userPreferences"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/inspectionResults":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/inspectionResults"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/removeFrontendStats":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/an","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/an\/removeFrontendStats"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/in":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/in","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"rankmath\/v1\/in","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/in"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/submitUrls":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/in","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/submitUrls"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/getLog":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/in","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/getLog"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/clearLog":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/in","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/clearLog"}]}},"\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/resetKey":{"namespace":"rankmath\/v1\/in","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/rankmath\/v1\/in\/resetKey"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/prominent_words":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"word":{"type":"string","description":"The
prominent word to
retrieve","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/prominent_words"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/prominent_words_link\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"yst_prominent_words":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"description":"The
prominent words to
link","required":false}}}]},"\/yoast\/v1\/complete_recalculation":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/complete_recalculation"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/link_suggestions":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"prominent_words":{"type":"array","description":"IDs
of the prominent words we want link suggestions based
on","items":{"type":"int"},"required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/link_suggestions"}]}},"\/yoast\/v1\/redirects":{"namespace":"yoast\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"origin":{"type":"string","description":"The
origin to
redirect","required":true},"target":{"type":"string","description":"The
redirect
target","required":false},"type":{"type":"integer","description":"The
redirect
type","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/yoast\/v1\/redirects"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"ttb\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/image\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/content":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/content"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/post\/(?P[\\d]+)\/template\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/audio":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/audio"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/video":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/video"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/image":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/post\/format\/image"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/layouts":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/layouts"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/layouts\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/sidebar":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","DELETE","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/sidebar"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/sidebar\/title":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/sidebar\/title"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/sections":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/sections"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/sections\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/sections\/cloud":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/sections\/cloud"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/sections\/cloud\/(?P[\\w]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/sections\/(?P[\\d]+)\/preview":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/options":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/options"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/options\/global_colors":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/options\/global_colors"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/options\/user-option":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"meta_key":{"type":"string","enum":["ttb_dismissed_tooltips","ttb_logo_tooltip"],"required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/options\/user-option"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/install":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/install"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/activate":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/activate"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/settings":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/plugins\/settings"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/templates":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/templates"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/cloud":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/cloud"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/(?P[\\d]+)\/preview":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/suggest-variable":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"secondary_template":{"type":"string","required":true},"term":{"type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/templates\/suggest-variable"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/list":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/list"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/list\/terms":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/list\/terms"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/export":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/export"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/import":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/import"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/cloud":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/cloud"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/cloud_import":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/cloud_import"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/(?P[\\d]+)\/skin_variables":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"color":{"type":"string","required":true},"id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"h":{"type":"integer","required":false},"s":{"type":"number","required":false},"l":{"type":"number","required":false}}}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/(?P[\\d]+)\/change_palette":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"active_id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"previous_id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"version":{"type":"integer","required":true},"master_id":{"type":"integer","required":false}}}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/(?P[\\d]+)\/reset_palette":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"active_id":{"type":"integer","required":true}}}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/meta":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/skins\/meta"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/palette":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"hsl":{"type":"object","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/palette"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/palette\/update_auxiliary_variable":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"type":"integer","required":true},"color":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/palette\/update_auxiliary_variable"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/amp":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/amp"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/templates":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/templates"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/templates\/(?P.+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/url\/(?P.+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/wizard":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/wizard"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/pages":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/wizard\/pages"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/demo-content\/generate":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/demo-content\/generate"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/typography":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/typography"}]}},"\/ttb\/v1\/typography\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/ttb\/v1\/frontend\/user_options":{"namespace":"ttb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/ttb\/v1\/frontend\/user_options"}]}},"\/td\/v1":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"td\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/authenticate":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"api_key":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/authenticate"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/webhook\/trigger\/(?P\\S+)\/(?P\\d+)\/(?P

\\S+)":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}]},"\/td\/v1\/license_warning":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/license_warning"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/optin\/subscription":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["POST","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"api_key":{"type":"string","required":true}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"api_key":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/optin\/subscription"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/optin\/subscription\/sample":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/optin\/subscription\/sample"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/cf-optin\/subscription":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["POST","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"api_key":{"type":"string","required":true}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"api_key":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/cf-optin\/subscription"}]}},"\/td\/v1\/cf-optin\/subscription\/sample":{"namespace":"td\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td\/v1\/cf-optin\/subscription\/sample"}]}},"\/tss\/v1":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"tss\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/groups":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1\/groups"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/groups\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["DELETE","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}]},"\/tss\/v1\/fields":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1\/fields"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/fields\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["DELETE","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}]},"\/tss\/v1\/fields\/save_fields":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1\/fields\/save_fields"}]}},"\/trd\/v1":{"namespace":"trd\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"trd\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/trd\/v1"}]}},"\/trd\/v1\/user-events":{"namespace":"trd\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"filters":{"type":"object","required":true},"page":{"type":"integer","required":true},"items-per-page":{"type":"integer","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/trd\/v1\/user-events"}]}},"\/td-metrics\/v1":{"namespace":"td-metrics\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"td-metrics\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td-metrics\/v1"}]}},"\/td-metrics\/v1\/track_deactivate":{"namespace":"td-metrics\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"reason":{"type":"string","required":true},"reason_id":{"type":"string","required":true},"plugin_name":{"type":"string","required":true},"plugin_version":{"type":"string","required":false},"extra_message":{"type":"string","required":false},"nonce":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td-metrics\/v1\/track_deactivate"}]}},"\/td-metrics\/v1\/settings\/tracking_consent":{"namespace":"td-metrics\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"tracking_enabled":{"type":"boolean","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/td-metrics\/v1\/settings\/tracking_consent"}]}},"\/tve-dash\/v1":{"namespace":"tve-dash\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"tve-dash\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tve-dash\/v1"}]}},"\/tve-dash\/v1\/growth-tools":{"namespace":"tve-dash\/v1","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"category":{"type":"string","required":false},"query":{"type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"plugin_slug":{"type":"string","required":true},"action":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tve-dash\/v1\/growth-tools"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/content-sets\/normalize-rule":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"content_type":{"type":"string","enum":["post","term","archive","tvd_search_result_page","tvd_blog_page"],"required":true},"content":{"type":"string","required":true},"field":{"type":"string","required":true},"operator":{"type":"string","required":true},"value":{"type":["string","array"],"default":"","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1\/content-sets\/normalize-rule"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/content-sets":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["POST","GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"post_title":{"type":"string","required":true},"post_content":{"type":"array","required":true}}},{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"content_type":{"type":"string","enum":["post","term","archive"],"required":true},"content":{"type":"string","required":true},"field":{"type":"string","required":true},"operator":{"type":"string","required":true},"value":{"type":["string","array"],"default":"","required":false},"query_string":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tss\/v1\/content-sets"}]}},"\/tss\/v1\/content-sets\/(?P.+)":{"namespace":"tss\/v1","methods":["DELETE","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"ID":{"type":"integer","required":true}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"ID":{"type":"integer","required":true},"post_title":{"type":"string","required":true},"post_content":{"type":"array","required":true}}}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/testimonials":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"values":{"type":"array","required":false},"page":{"type":"int","required":true},"filters":{"type":"object","required":false},"items_per_page":{"type":"int","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/testimonials"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/testimonials-count":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"filters":{"type":"object","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/testimonials-count"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/sets":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"type":{"type":"string","required":true},"label":{"type":"string","required":true},"ordering":{"type":"object","required":false},"count":{"type":"int","required":false},"testimonials":{"type":"array","required":false},"tags":{"type":"array","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/sets"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/sets\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"type":{"type":"string","required":true},"label":{"type":"string","required":true},"ordering":{"type":"object","required":false},"count":{"type":"int","required":false},"testimonials":{"type":"array","required":false},"tags":{"type":"array","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/tags":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"search":{"type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/display-testimonials\/tags"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/testimonials\/html":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/testimonials\/html"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/testimonials\/cloud":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/testimonials\/cloud"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/groups":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"groups":{"type":"array","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/groups"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/fields":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"entity":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/fields"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/conditions":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"field":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/conditions"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/field-options":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"field":{"type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/field-options"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/global-set":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"label":{"type":"string","required":true},"rules":{"type":"array","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/global-set"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/global-set\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"label":{"type":"string","required":true},"rules":{"type":"array","required":true}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/global-set\/get-all":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"search":{"type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/conditional-display\/global-set\/get-all"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/video-reporting\/video_started":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"video_url":{"type":"string","required":true},"user_id":{"type":"int","required":true},"post_id":{"type":"int","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/video-reporting\/video_started"}]}},"\/tcb\/v1\/video-reporting\/save_range":{"namespace":"tcb\/v1","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"video_url":{"type":"string","required":true},"user_id":{"type":"int","required":true},"post_id":{"type":"int","required":true},"range_start":{"type":"int","required":true},"range_end":{"type":"int","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/tcb\/v1\/video-reporting\/save_range"}]}},"\/wp\/v2":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"wp\/v2","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/posts":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"author":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"author_exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"categories":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the categories
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"categories_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
categories taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term
ID List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"tags":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the tags
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"tags_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
tags taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"sticky":{"description":"Limit
result set to items that are
sticky.","type":"boolean","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"format":{"description":"The
format for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["standard","aside","chat","gallery","link","image","quote","status","video","audio"],"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"sticky":{"description":"Whether
or not the post should be treated as
sticky.","type":"boolean","required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"categories":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"tags":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the post_tag
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/posts"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/posts\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"format":{"description":"The
format for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["standard","aside","chat","gallery","link","image","quote","status","video","audio"],"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"sticky":{"description":"Whether
or not the post should be treated as
sticky.","type":"boolean","required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"categories":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"tags":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the post_tag
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/posts\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/posts\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/posts\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"format":{"description":"The
format for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["standard","aside","chat","gallery","link","image","quote","status","video","audio"],"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"sticky":{"description":"Whether
or not the post should be treated as
sticky.","type":"boolean","required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"categories":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"tags":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the post_tag
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/posts\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/pages":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"author":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"author_exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with a specific menu_order
value.","type":"integer","required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title","menu_order"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with particular parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to all items except those of a particular parent
ID.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"The
order of the post in relation to other
posts.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/pages"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/pages\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"The
order of the post in relation to other
posts.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/pages\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/pages\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/pages\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"excerpt":{"description":"The
excerpt for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Excerpt for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
excerpt for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the excerpt is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"The
order of the post in relation to other
posts.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/pages\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/media":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"author":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"author_exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes posts assigned to specific
authors.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with particular parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to all items except those of a particular parent
ID.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"inherit","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["inherit","private","trash"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"yst_prominent_words_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"media_type":{"default":null,"description":"Limit
result set to attachments of a particular media
type.","type":"string","enum":["image","video","text","application","audio"],"required":false},"mime_type":{"default":null,"description":"Limit
result set to attachments of a particular MIME
type.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"alt_text":{"description":"Alternative
text to display when attachment is not
displayed.","type":"string","required":false},"caption":{"description":"The
attachment
caption.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Caption
for the attachment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
caption for the attachment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"The
attachment
description.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Description
for the attachment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
description for the attachment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"post":{"description":"The
ID for the associated post of the
attachment.","type":"integer","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/media"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/media\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"featured_media":{"description":"The
ID of the featured media for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"comment_status":{"description":"Whether
or not comments are open on the
post.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"ping_status":{"description":"Whether
or not the post can be
pinged.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"yst_prominent_words":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the yst_prominent_words
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"alt_text":{"description":"Alternative
text to display when attachment is not
displayed.","type":"string","required":false},"caption":{"description":"The
attachment
caption.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Caption
for the attachment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
caption for the attachment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"The
attachment
description.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Description
for the attachment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
description for the attachment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"post":{"description":"The
ID for the associated post of the
attachment.","type":"integer","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/media\/(?P[\\d]+)\/post-process":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
attachment.","type":"integer","required":false},"action":{"type":"string","enum":["create-image-subsizes"],"required":true}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/media\/(?P[\\d]+)\/edit":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"src":{"description":"URL
to the edited image
file.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":true},"modifiers":{"description":"Array
of image
edits.","type":"array","minItems":1,"items":{"description":"Image
edit.","type":"object","required":["type","args"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Rotation","properties":{"type":{"description":"Rotation
type.","type":"string","enum":["rotate"]},"args":{"description":"Rotation
arguments.","type":"object","required":["angle"],"properties":{"angle":{"description":"Angle
to rotate clockwise in
degrees.","type":"number"}}}}},{"title":"Crop","properties":{"type":{"description":"Crop
type.","type":"string","enum":["crop"]},"args":{"description":"Crop
arguments.","type":"object","required":["left","top","width","height"],"properties":{"left":{"description":"Horizontal
position from the left to begin the crop as a percentage of the image
width.","type":"number"},"top":{"description":"Vertical position from
the top to begin the crop as a percentage of the image
height.","type":"number"},"width":{"description":"Width of the crop as a
percentage of the image
width.","type":"number"},"height":{"description":"Height of the crop as
a percentage of the image
height.","type":"number"}}}}}]},"required":false},"rotation":{"description":"The
amount to rotate the image clockwise in degrees. DEPRECATED: Use
`modifiers`
instead.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"exclusiveMinimum":true,"maximum":360,"exclusiveMaximum":true,"required":false},"x":{"description":"As
a percentage of the image, the x position to start the crop from.
DEPRECATED: Use `modifiers`
instead.","type":"number","minimum":0,"maximum":100,"required":false},"y":{"description":"As
a percentage of the image, the y position to start the crop from.
DEPRECATED: Use `modifiers`
instead.","type":"number","minimum":0,"maximum":100,"required":false},"width":{"description":"As
a percentage of the image, the width to crop the image to. DEPRECATED:
Use `modifiers`
instead.","type":"number","minimum":0,"maximum":100,"required":false},"height":{"description":"As
a percentage of the image, the height to crop the image to. DEPRECATED:
Use `modifiers`
instead.","type":"number","minimum":0,"maximum":100,"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-items":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":100,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"menu_order","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title","menu_order"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"menus":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the menus
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"menus_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
menus taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with a specific menu_order
value.","type":"integer","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"title":{"description":"The
title for the
object.","type":["string","object"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the object, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the object, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"type":{"default":"custom","description":"The
family of objects originally represented, such as \"post_type\" or
\"taxonomy\".","type":"string","enum":["taxonomy","post_type","post_type_archive","custom"],"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"A
named status for the
object.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"parent":{"default":0,"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
object.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"attr_title":{"description":"Text
for the title attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"classes":{"description":"Class
names for the link element of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"description":{"description":"The
description of this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"menu_order":{"default":1,"description":"The
DB ID of the nav_menu_item that is this item's menu parent, if any,
otherwise
0.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"required":false},"object":{"description":"The
type of object originally represented, such as \"category\", \"post\",
or
\"attachment\".","type":"string","required":false},"object_id":{"default":0,"description":"The
database ID of the original object this menu item represents, for
example the ID for posts or the term_id for
categories.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"target":{"description":"The
target attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","enum":["_blank",""],"required":false},"url":{"description":"The
URL to which this menu item
points.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"xfn":{"description":"The
XFN relationship expressed in the link of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"menus":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the object in the nav_menu
taxonomy.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/menu-items"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-items\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
object.","type":["string","object"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the object, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the object, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"type":{"description":"The
family of objects originally represented, such as \"post_type\" or
\"taxonomy\".","type":"string","enum":["taxonomy","post_type","post_type_archive","custom"],"required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
object.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
object.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"attr_title":{"description":"Text
for the title attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"classes":{"description":"Class
names for the link element of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"description":{"description":"The
description of this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"The
DB ID of the nav_menu_item that is this item's menu parent, if any,
otherwise
0.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"required":false},"object":{"description":"The
type of object originally represented, such as \"category\", \"post\",
or
\"attachment\".","type":"string","required":false},"object_id":{"description":"The
database ID of the original object this menu item represents, for
example the ID for posts or the term_id for
categories.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"target":{"description":"The
target attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","enum":["_blank",""],"required":false},"url":{"description":"The
URL to which this menu item
points.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"xfn":{"description":"The
XFN relationship expressed in the link of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"menus":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the object in the nav_menu
taxonomy.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-items\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
object.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
object.","type":["string","object"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the object, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the object, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"type":{"description":"The
family of objects originally represented, such as \"post_type\" or
\"taxonomy\".","type":"string","enum":["taxonomy","post_type","post_type_archive","custom"],"required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
object.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"attr_title":{"description":"Text
for the title attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"classes":{"description":"Class
names for the link element of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"description":{"description":"The
description of this menu
item.","type":"string","required":false},"menu_order":{"description":"The
DB ID of the nav_menu_item that is this item's menu parent, if any,
otherwise
0.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"required":false},"object":{"description":"The
type of object originally represented, such as \"category\", \"post\",
or
\"attachment\".","type":"string","required":false},"object_id":{"description":"The
database ID of the original object this menu item represents, for
example the ID for posts or the term_id for
categories.","type":"integer","minimum":0,"required":false},"target":{"description":"The
target attribute of the link element for this menu
item.","type":"string","enum":["_blank",""],"required":false},"url":{"description":"The
URL to which this menu item
points.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"xfn":{"description":"The
XFN relationship expressed in the link of this menu
item.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"menus":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the object in the nav_menu
taxonomy.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-items\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"wp_pattern_category":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the
wp_pattern_category
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"wp_pattern_category_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
wp_pattern_category
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"wp_pattern_sync_status":{"type":"string","description":"","default":"","enum":["partial","unsynced"]},"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"wp_pattern_category":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the wp_pattern_category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/blocks"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"wp_pattern_sync_status":{"type":"string","description":"","default":"","enum":["partial","unsynced"]},"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"wp_pattern_category":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the wp_pattern_category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"wp_pattern_sync_status":{"type":"string","description":"","default":"","enum":["partial","unsynced"]},"footnotes":{"type":"string","description":"","default":""}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"wp_pattern_category":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the wp_pattern_category
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/blocks\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":false},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"The ID
for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/templates":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"wp_id":{"description":"Limit
to the specified post
id.","type":"integer","required":false},"area":{"description":"Limit to
the specified template part
area.","type":"string","required":false},"post_type":{"description":"Post
type to get the templates
for.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":true},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"default":"","description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"default":"","description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"default":"","description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/templates"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/lookup":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"slug":{"description":"The
slug of the template to get the fallback
for","type":"string","required":true},"is_custom":{"description":"Indicates
if a template is custom or part of the template
hierarchy","type":"boolean","required":false},"template_prefix":{"description":"The
template prefix for the created template. This is used to extract the
main template type, e.g. in `taxonomy-books` extracts the
`taxonomy`","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/templates\/lookup"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/templates\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":false},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":false},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false},"area":{"description":"Where
the template part is intended for use (header, footer,
etc.)","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"id":{"description":"The ID
for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"wp_id":{"description":"Limit
to the specified post
id.","type":"integer","required":false},"area":{"description":"Limit to
the specified template part
area.","type":"string","required":false},"post_type":{"description":"Post
type to get the templates
for.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":true},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"default":"","description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"default":"","description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"default":"","description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false},"area":{"description":"Where
the template part is intended for use (header, footer,
etc.)","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/template-parts"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/lookup":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"slug":{"description":"The
slug of the template to get the fallback
for","type":"string","required":true},"is_custom":{"description":"Indicates
if a template is custom or part of the template
hierarchy","type":"boolean","required":false},"template_prefix":{"description":"The
template prefix for the created template. This is used to extract the
main template type, e.g. in `taxonomy-books` extracts the
`taxonomy`","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/lookup"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/template-parts\/(?P([^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)[\\\/\\w%-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"Unique
slug identifying the
template.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":"[a-zA-Z0-9_\\%-]+","required":false},"theme":{"description":"Theme
identifier for the
template.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"description":"Type
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"Content
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"]},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
template.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"title":{"description":"Title
of
template.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the template, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the template, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of
template.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"Status
of
template.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID for the author of the
template.","type":"integer","required":false},"area":{"description":"Where
the template part is intended for use (header, footer,
etc.)","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/navigation"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by object
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["date","id","include","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as revisions do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit","embed"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/navigation\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/font-families":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"id","enum":["id","include"],"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"theme_json_version":{"description":"Version
of the theme.json schema used for the typography
settings.","type":"integer","default":2,"minimum":2,"maximum":2,"required":false},"font_family_settings":{"description":"font-family
declaration in theme.json format, encoded as a
string.","type":"string","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/font-families"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/font-families\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"theme_json_version":{"description":"Version
of the theme.json schema used for the typography
settings.","type":"integer","default":2,"minimum":2,"maximum":2,"required":false},"font_family_settings":{"description":"font-family
declaration in theme.json format, encoded as a
string.","type":"string","required":true}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/font-families\/(?P[\\d]+)\/font-faces":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"font_family_id":{"description":"The
ID for the parent font family of the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"id","enum":["id","include"],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"font_family_id":{"description":"The
ID for the parent font family of the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"theme_json_version":{"description":"Version
of the theme.json schema used for the typography
settings.","type":"integer","default":2,"minimum":2,"maximum":2,"required":false},"font_face_settings":{"description":"font-face
declaration in theme.json format, encoded as a
string.","type":"string","required":true}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/font-families\/(?P[\\d]+)\/font-faces\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"font_family_id":{"description":"The
ID for the parent font family of the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"font_family_id":{"description":"The
ID for the parent font family of the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the font
face.","type":"integer","required":true},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbol":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"include_children":{"description":"Whether
to include child terms in the terms limiting the result
set.","type":"boolean","default":false}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbol"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbol\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbol\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"tcb_symbols_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the tcb_symbols_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbol\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvd_content_set":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tvd_content_set"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tvd_content_set\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvd_content_set\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvd_content_set\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_lead_shortcode":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with particular parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to all items except those of a particular parent
ID.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_lead_shortcode"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_lead_shortcode\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_lead_shortcode\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_lead_shortcode\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture_post":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with particular parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to all items except those of a particular parent
ID.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture_post"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture_post\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture_post\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture_post\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display_post":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with particular parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to all items except those of a particular parent
ID.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display_post"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display_post\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display_post\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display_post\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_capture\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tvo_display\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_saved_lp":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_saved_lp"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_saved_lp\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_saved_lp\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_saved_lp\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_notifications":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_notifications"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_notifications\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_notifications\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_notifications\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_cond_display":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_cond_display"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_cond_display\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_cond_display\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_cond_display\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_global_cond_set":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_global_cond_set"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_global_cond_set\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_global_cond_set\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_global_cond_set\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_user_template":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_user_template"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_user_template\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_user_template\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_user_template\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_video_data":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tve_video_data"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_video_data\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_video_data\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tve_video_data\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/rm_content_editor":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/rm_content_editor"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/rm_content_editor\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/rm_content_editor\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/rm_content_editor\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_template":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/thrive_template"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_template\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_template\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_template\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_section":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/thrive_section"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_section\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_section\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_section\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_layout":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_after":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"modified_before":{"description":"Limit
response to posts modified before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title"],"required":false},"search_columns":{"default":[],"description":"Array
of column names to be
searched.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post_title","post_content","post_excerpt"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to posts with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"publish","description":"Limit
result set to posts assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private","trash","auto-draft","inherit","request-pending","request-confirmed","request-failed","request-completed","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"tax_relation":{"description":"Limit
result set based on relationship between multiple
taxonomies.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"Limit
result set to items with specific terms assigned in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]},"operator":{"description":"Whether
items must be assigned all or any of the specified
terms.","type":"string","enum":["AND","OR"],"default":"OR"}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false},"thrive_skin_tax_exclude":{"description":"Limit
result set to items except those with specific terms assigned in the
thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":["object","array"],"oneOf":[{"title":"Term ID
List","description":"Match terms with the listed
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"}},{"title":"Term ID
Taxonomy Query","description":"Perform an advanced term
query.","type":"object","properties":{"terms":{"description":"Term
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[]}},"additionalProperties":false}],"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/thrive_layout"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_layout\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
post.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_layout\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the post was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the post was published, as
GMT.","type":["string","null"],"format":"date-time","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"A
named status for the
post.","type":"string","enum":["publish","future","draft","pending","private"],"required":false},"password":{"description":"A
password to protect access to the content and
excerpt.","type":"string","required":false},"title":{"description":"The
title for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title for the
post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
post.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content for
the post, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit"],"readonly":true},"block_version":{"description":"Version
of the content block format used by the
post.","type":"integer","context":["edit"],"readonly":true},"protected":{"description":"Whether
the content is protected with a
password.","type":"boolean","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"template":{"description":"The
theme file to use to display the
post.","type":"string","required":false},"thrive_skin_tax":{"description":"The
terms assigned to the post in the thrive_skin_tax
taxonomy.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_layout\/(?P[\\d]+)\/autosaves\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"The
ID for the
autosave.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/types":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/types"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/types\/(?P[\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"type":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the post
type.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/statuses":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/statuses"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/statuses\/(?P[\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"status":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the
status.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/taxonomies":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"type":{"description":"Limit
results to taxonomies associated with a specific post
type.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/taxonomies"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/taxonomies\/(?P[\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"taxonomy":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the
taxonomy.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/categories":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
parent.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
parent term
ID.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/categories"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/categories\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
parent term
ID.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tags":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tags"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tags\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/menus":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false},"locations":{"description":"The
locations assigned to the
menu.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"auto_add":{"description":"Whether
to automatically add top level pages to this
menu.","type":"boolean","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/menus"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/menus\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false},"locations":{"description":"The
locations assigned to the
menu.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"auto_add":{"description":"Whether
to automatically add top level pages to this
menu.","type":"boolean","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/wp_pattern_category":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/wp_pattern_category"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/wp_pattern_category\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/yst_prominent_words":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/yst_prominent_words"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/yst_prominent_words\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbols_tax":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"parent":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
parent.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
parent term
ID.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbols_tax"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/tcb_symbols_tax\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
parent term
ID.","type":"integer","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_skin_tax":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"asc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by term
attribute.","type":"string","default":"name","enum":["id","include","name","slug","include_slugs","term_group","description","count"],"required":false},"hide_empty":{"description":"Whether
to hide terms not assigned to any
posts.","type":"boolean","default":false,"required":false},"post":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms assigned to a specific
post.","type":"integer","default":null,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to terms with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":true},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/thrive_skin_tax"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/thrive_skin_tax\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"description":{"description":"HTML
description of the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"HTML
title for the
term.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the term unique to its
type.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
term.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as terms do not support
trashing.","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/users":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"default":"asc","description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","enum":["asc","desc"],"type":"string","required":false},"orderby":{"default":"name","description":"Sort
collection by user
attribute.","enum":["id","include","name","registered_date","slug","include_slugs","email","url"],"type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
result set to users with one or more specific
slugs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"roles":{"description":"Limit
result set to users matching at least one specific role provided.
Accepts csv list or single
role.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"capabilities":{"description":"Limit
result set to users matching at least one specific capability provided.
Accepts csv list or single
capability.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"who":{"description":"Limit
result set to users who are considered
authors.","type":"string","enum":["authors"],"required":false},"has_published_posts":{"description":"Limit
result set to users who have published
posts.","type":["boolean","array"],"items":{"type":"string","enum":{"post":"post","page":"page","attachment":"attachment","nav_menu_item":"nav_menu_item","wp_block":"wp_block","wp_template":"wp_template","wp_template_part":"wp_template_part","wp_navigation":"wp_navigation","wp_font_family":"wp_font_family","wp_font_face":"wp_font_face","tcb_symbol":"tcb_symbol","tvd_content_set":"tvd_content_set","tve_lead_shortcode":"tve_lead_shortcode","tvo_capture_post":"tvo_capture_post","tvo_display_post":"tvo_display_post","tvo_capture":"tvo_capture","tvo_display":"tvo_display","tve_saved_lp":"tve_saved_lp","tve_notifications":"tve_notifications","tve_cond_display":"tve_cond_display","tve_global_cond_set":"tve_global_cond_set","tve_user_template":"tve_user_template","tve_video_data":"tve_video_data","rm_content_editor":"rm_content_editor","thrive_template":"thrive_template","thrive_section":"thrive_section","thrive_layout":"thrive_layout"}},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"username":{"description":"Login
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":true},"name":{"description":"Display
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"first_name":{"description":"First
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"last_name":{"description":"Last
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"email":{"description":"The
email address for the
user.","type":"string","format":"email","required":true},"url":{"description":"URL
of the
user.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"locale":{"description":"Locale
for the
user.","type":"string","enum":["","en_US","ar","de_DE","es_ES","fa_IR","fr_FR","hi_IN","ru_RU"],"required":false},"nickname":{"description":"The
nickname for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"roles":{"description":"Roles
assigned to the
user.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"password":{"description":"Password
for the user (never
included).","type":"string","required":true},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"persisted_preferences":{"type":"object","description":"","default":[],"context":["edit"],"properties":{"_modified":{"description":"The
date and time the preferences were
updated.","type":"string","format":"date-time","readonly":false}},"additionalProperties":true}},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/users"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/users\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"username":{"description":"Login
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"Display
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"first_name":{"description":"First
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"last_name":{"description":"Last
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"email":{"description":"The
email address for the
user.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"url":{"description":"URL
of the
user.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"locale":{"description":"Locale
for the
user.","type":"string","enum":["","en_US","ar","de_DE","es_ES","fa_IR","fr_FR","hi_IN","ru_RU"],"required":false},"nickname":{"description":"The
nickname for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"roles":{"description":"Roles
assigned to the
user.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"password":{"description":"Password
for the user (never
included).","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"persisted_preferences":{"type":"object","description":"","default":[],"context":["edit"],"properties":{"_modified":{"description":"The
date and time the preferences were
updated.","type":"string","format":"date-time","readonly":false}},"additionalProperties":true}},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as users do not support
trashing.","required":false},"reassign":{"type":"integer","description":"Reassign
the deleted user's posts and links to this user
ID.","required":true}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/users\/me":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"username":{"description":"Login
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"name":{"description":"Display
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"first_name":{"description":"First
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"last_name":{"description":"Last
name for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"email":{"description":"The
email address for the
user.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"url":{"description":"URL
of the
user.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"description":{"description":"Description
of the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"locale":{"description":"Locale
for the
user.","type":"string","enum":["","en_US","ar","de_DE","es_ES","fa_IR","fr_FR","hi_IN","ru_RU"],"required":false},"nickname":{"description":"The
nickname for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"slug":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the
user.","type":"string","required":false},"roles":{"description":"Roles
assigned to the
user.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"required":false},"password":{"description":"Password
for the user (never
included).","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":{"persisted_preferences":{"type":"object","description":"","default":[],"context":["edit"],"properties":{"_modified":{"description":"The
date and time the preferences were
updated.","type":"string","format":"date-time","readonly":false}},"additionalProperties":true}},"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Required
to be true, as users do not support
trashing.","required":false},"reassign":{"type":"integer","description":"Reassign
the deleted user's posts and links to this user
ID.","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/users\/me"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/users\/(?P(?:[\\d]+|me))\/application-passwords":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"app_id":{"description":"A
UUID provided by the application to uniquely identify it. It is
recommended to use an UUID v5 with the URL or DNS
namespace.","type":"string","format":"uuid","required":false},"name":{"description":"The
name of the application
password.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":".*\\S.*","required":true}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/wp\/v2\/users\/(?P(?:[\\d]+|me))\/application-passwords\/introspect":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/users\/(?P(?:[\\d]+|me))\/application-passwords\/(?P[\\w\\-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"app_id":{"description":"A
UUID provided by the application to uniquely identify it. It is
recommended to use an UUID v5 with the URL or DNS
namespace.","type":"string","format":"uuid","required":false},"name":{"description":"The
name of the application
password.","type":"string","minLength":1,"pattern":".*\\S.*","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":[]}]},"\/wp\/v2\/comments":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"after":{"description":"Limit
response to comments published after a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"author":{"description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned to specific user IDs. Requires
authorization.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"author_exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes comments assigned to specific user IDs. Requires
authorization.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"author_email":{"default":null,"description":"Limit
result set to that from a specific author email. Requires
authorization.","format":"email","type":"string","required":false},"before":{"description":"Limit
response to comments published before a given ISO8601 compliant
date.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by comment
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date_gmt","enum":["date","date_gmt","id","include","post","parent","type"],"required":false},"parent":{"default":[],"description":"Limit
result set to comments of specific parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"parent_exclude":{"default":[],"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific parent
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"post":{"default":[],"description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned to specific post
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"required":false},"status":{"default":"approve","description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned a specific status. Requires
authorization.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"default":"comment","description":"Limit
result set to comments assigned a specific type. Requires
authorization.","type":"string","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the post if it is password
protected.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"author":{"description":"The
ID of the user object, if author was a
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"author_email":{"description":"Email
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"author_ip":{"description":"IP
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"ip","required":false},"author_name":{"description":"Display
name for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"author_url":{"description":"URL
for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"author_user_agent":{"description":"User
agent for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
comment.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the comment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the comment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, as
GMT.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"parent":{"default":0,"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"default":0,"description":"The
ID of the associated post
object.","type":"integer","required":false},"status":{"description":"State
of the
comment.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/comments"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/comments\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"password":{"description":"The
password for the parent post of the comment (if the post is password
protected).","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"author":{"description":"The
ID of the user object, if author was a
user.","type":"integer","required":false},"author_email":{"description":"Email
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"author_ip":{"description":"IP
address for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"ip","required":false},"author_name":{"description":"Display
name for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"author_url":{"description":"URL
for the comment
author.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"author_user_agent":{"description":"User
agent for the comment
author.","type":"string","required":false},"content":{"description":"The
content for the
comment.","type":"object","properties":{"raw":{"description":"Content
for the comment, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
content for the comment, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false},"date":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, in the site's
timezone.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"date_gmt":{"description":"The
date the comment was published, as
GMT.","type":"string","format":"date-time","required":false},"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"post":{"description":"The
ID of the associated post
object.","type":"integer","required":false},"status":{"description":"State
of the
comment.","type":"string","required":false},"meta":{"description":"Meta
fields.","type":"object","properties":[],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
comment.","type":"integer","required":false},"force":{"type":"boolean","default":false,"description":"Whether
to bypass Trash and force
deletion.","required":false},"password":{"description":"The password for
the parent post of the comment (if the post is password
protected).","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/search":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"type":{"default":"post","description":"Limit
results to items of an object
type.","type":"string","enum":["post","term","post-format"],"required":false},"subtype":{"default":"any","description":"Limit
results to items of one or more object
subtypes.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["post","page","tcb_symbol","tvo_display_post","tvo_capture","tvo_display","category","post_tag","tcb_symbols_tax","any"],"type":"string"},"required":false},"exclude":{"description":"Ensure
result set excludes specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false},"include":{"description":"Limit
result set to specific
IDs.","type":"array","items":{"type":"integer"},"default":[],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/search"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/block-renderer\/(?P[a-z0-9-]+\/[a-z0-9-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET","POST"],"args":{"name":{"description":"Unique
registered name for the
block.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"attributes":{"description":"Attributes
for the
block.","type":"object","default":[],"required":false},"post_id":{"description":"ID
of the post
context.","type":"integer","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/block-types":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"namespace":{"description":"Block
namespace.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/block-types"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/block-types\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"namespace":{"description":"Block
namespace.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/block-types\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"name":{"description":"Block
name.","type":"string","required":false},"namespace":{"description":"Block
namespace.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/global-styles\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/global-styles\/(?P[\\d]+)\/revisions\/(?P[\\d]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"parent":{"description":"The
ID for the parent of the global styles
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the global styles
revision.","type":"integer","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/global-styles\/themes\/(?P[\\\/\\s%\\w\\.\\(\\)\\[\\]\\@_\\-]+)\/variations":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"stylesheet":{"description":"The
theme
identifier","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/global-styles\/themes\/(?P[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"stylesheet":{"description":"The
theme
identifier","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/global-styles\/(?P[\\\/\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a
template","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"styles":{"description":"Global
styles.","type":["object"],"required":false},"settings":{"description":"Global
settings.","type":["object"],"required":false},"title":{"description":"Title
of the global styles
variation.","type":["object","string"],"properties":{"raw":{"description":"Title
for the global styles variation, as it exists in the
database.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"]},"rendered":{"description":"HTML
title for the post, transformed for
display.","type":"string","context":["view","edit","embed"],"readonly":true}},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/settings":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"title":{"description":"Site
title.","type":"string","required":false},"description":{"description":"Site
tagline.","type":"string","required":false},"url":{"description":"Site
URL.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":false},"email":{"description":"This
address is used for admin purposes, like new user
notification.","type":"string","format":"email","required":false},"timezone":{"description":"A
city in the same timezone as
you.","type":"string","required":false},"date_format":{"description":"A
date format for all date
strings.","type":"string","required":false},"time_format":{"description":"A
time format for all time
strings.","type":"string","required":false},"start_of_week":{"description":"A
day number of the week that the week should start
on.","type":"integer","required":false},"language":{"description":"WordPress
locale
code.","type":"string","required":false},"use_smilies":{"description":"Convert
emoticons like :-) and :-P to graphics on
display.","type":"boolean","required":false},"default_category":{"description":"Default
post
category.","type":"integer","required":false},"default_post_format":{"description":"Default
post
format.","type":"string","required":false},"posts_per_page":{"description":"Blog
pages show at
most.","type":"integer","required":false},"show_on_front":{"description":"What
to show on the front
page","type":"string","required":false},"page_on_front":{"description":"The
ID of the page that should be displayed on the front
page","type":"integer","required":false},"page_for_posts":{"description":"The
ID of the page that should display the latest
posts","type":"integer","required":false},"default_ping_status":{"description":"Allow
link notifications from other blogs (pingbacks and trackbacks) on new
articles.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"default_comment_status":{"description":"Allow
people to submit comments on new
posts.","type":"string","enum":["open","closed"],"required":false},"site_logo":{"description":"Site
logo.","type":"integer","required":false},"site_icon":{"description":"Site
icon.","type":"integer","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/settings"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/themes":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"status":{"description":"Limit
result set to themes assigned one or more
statuses.","type":"array","items":{"enum":["active","inactive"],"type":"string"},"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/themes"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/themes\/(?P[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+(?:\\\/[^\\\/:<>\\*\\?\"\\|]+)?)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"stylesheet":{"description":"The
theme's stylesheet. This uniquely identifies the
theme.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/plugins":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","required":false},"status":{"description":"Limits
results to plugins with the given
status.","type":"array","items":{"type":"string","enum":["inactive","active"]},"required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"slug":{"type":"string","description":"WordPress.org
plugin directory
slug.","pattern":"[\\w\\-]+","required":true},"status":{"description":"The
plugin activation
status.","type":"string","enum":["inactive","active"],"default":"inactive","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/plugins"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/plugins\/(?P[^.\\\/]+(?:\\\/[^.\\\/]+)?)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"plugin":{"type":"string","pattern":"[^.\\\/]+(?:\\\/[^.\\\/]+)?","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"plugin":{"type":"string","pattern":"[^.\\\/]+(?:\\\/[^.\\\/]+)?","required":false},"status":{"description":"The
plugin activation
status.","type":"string","enum":["inactive","active"],"required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"plugin":{"type":"string","pattern":"[^.\\\/]+(?:\\\/[^.\\\/]+)?","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/sidebars":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/sidebars"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/sidebars\/(?P[\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
id of a registered
sidebar","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"args":{"widgets":{"description":"Nested
widgets.","type":"array","items":{"type":["object","string"]},"required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/widget-types":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/widget-types"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/widget-types\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
widget type
id.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/widget-types\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)\/encode":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
widget type
id.","type":"string","required":true},"instance":{"description":"Current
instance settings of the
widget.","type":"object","required":false},"form_data":{"description":"Serialized
widget form data to encode into instance
settings.","type":"string","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/widget-types\/(?P[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+)\/render":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["POST"],"args":{"id":{"description":"The
widget type
id.","type":"string","required":true},"instance":{"description":"Current
instance settings of the
widget.","type":"object","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/widgets":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"sidebar":{"description":"The
sidebar to return widgets
for.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
widget.","type":"string","required":false},"id_base":{"description":"The
type of the widget. Corresponds to ID in widget-types
endpoint.","type":"string","required":false},"sidebar":{"default":"wp_inactive_widgets","description":"The
sidebar the widget belongs
to.","type":"string","required":true},"instance":{"description":"Instance
settings of the widget, if
supported.","type":"object","properties":{"encoded":{"description":"Base64
encoded representation of the instance
settings.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"hash":{"description":"Cryptographic
hash of the instance
settings.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"raw":{"description":"Unencoded
instance settings, if
supported.","type":"object","context":["edit"]}},"required":false},"form_data":{"description":"URL-encoded
form data from the widget admin form. Used to update a widget that does
not support instance. Write
only.","type":"string","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/widgets"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/widgets\/(?P[\\w\\-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET","POST","PUT","PATCH","DELETE"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}},{"methods":["POST","PUT","PATCH"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"id":{"description":"Unique
identifier for the
widget.","type":"string","required":false},"id_base":{"description":"The
type of the widget. Corresponds to ID in widget-types
endpoint.","type":"string","required":false},"sidebar":{"description":"The
sidebar the widget belongs
to.","type":"string","required":false},"instance":{"description":"Instance
settings of the widget, if
supported.","type":"object","properties":{"encoded":{"description":"Base64
encoded representation of the instance
settings.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"hash":{"description":"Cryptographic
hash of the instance
settings.","type":"string","context":["edit"]},"raw":{"description":"Unencoded
instance settings, if
supported.","type":"object","context":["edit"]}},"required":false},"form_data":{"description":"URL-encoded
form data from the widget admin form. Used to update a widget that does
not support instance. Write
only.","type":"string","required":false}}},{"methods":["DELETE"],"allow_batch":{"v1":true},"args":{"force":{"description":"Whether
to force removal of the widget, or move it to the inactive
sidebar.","type":"boolean","required":false}}}]},"\/wp\/v2\/block-directory\/search":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"term":{"description":"Limit
result set to blocks matching the search
term.","type":"string","minLength":1,"required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/block-directory\/search"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/pattern-directory\/patterns":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":100,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false},"search":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a
string.","type":"string","minLength":1,"required":false},"category":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a category
ID.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"required":false},"keyword":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a keyword
ID.","type":"integer","minimum":1,"required":false},"slug":{"description":"Limit
results to those matching a pattern
(slug).","type":"array","required":false},"offset":{"description":"Offset
the result set by a specific number of
items.","type":"integer","required":false},"order":{"description":"Order
sort attribute ascending or
descending.","type":"string","default":"desc","enum":["asc","desc"],"required":false},"orderby":{"description":"Sort
collection by post
attribute.","type":"string","default":"date","enum":["author","date","id","include","modified","parent","relevance","slug","include_slugs","title","favorite_count"],"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/pattern-directory\/patterns"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/block-patterns\/patterns":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/block-patterns\/patterns"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/block-patterns\/categories":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/block-patterns\/categories"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"wp-site-health\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/background-updates":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/background-updates"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/loopback-requests":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/loopback-requests"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/https-status":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/https-status"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/dotorg-communication":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/dotorg-communication"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/authorization-header":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/authorization-header"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/directory-sizes":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/directory-sizes"}]}},"\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/page-cache":{"namespace":"wp-site-health\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-site-health\/v1\/tests\/page-cache"}]}},"\/wp-block-editor\/v1":{"namespace":"wp-block-editor\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"namespace":{"default":"wp-block-editor\/v1","required":false},"context":{"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-block-editor\/v1"}]}},"\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/url-details":{"namespace":"wp-block-editor\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"url":{"description":"The
URL to
process.","type":"string","format":"uri","required":true}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/url-details"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-locations":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/menu-locations"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/menu-locations\/(?P[\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"location":{"description":"An
alphanumeric identifier for the menu
location.","type":"string","required":false},"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]},"\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/export":{"namespace":"wp-block-editor\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/export"}]}},"\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/navigation-fallback":{"namespace":"wp-block-editor\/v1","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":[]}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp-block-editor\/v1\/navigation-fallback"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/font-collections":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false},"page":{"description":"Current
page of the
collection.","type":"integer","default":1,"minimum":1,"required":false},"per_page":{"description":"Maximum
number of items to be returned in result
set.","type":"integer","default":10,"minimum":1,"maximum":100,"required":false}}}],"_links":{"self":[{"href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/font-collections"}]}},"\/wp\/v2\/font-collections\/(?P[\\\/\\w-]+)":{"namespace":"wp\/v2","methods":["GET"],"endpoints":[{"methods":["GET"],"args":{"context":{"description":"Scope
under which the request is made; determines fields present in
response.","type":"string","enum":["view","embed","edit"],"default":"view","required":false}}}]}},"site_logo":0,"site_icon":6796,"site_icon_url":"","_links":{"help":[{"href":"https:\/\/developer.wordpress.org\/rest-api\/"}],"wp:featuredmedia":[{"embeddable":true,"type":"site_icon","href":"https:\/\/armenian-lawyer.com\/wp-json\/wp\/v2\/media\/6796"}],"curies":[{"name":"wp","href":"https:\/\/api.w.org\/{rel}","templated":true}]}}



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in
Armenia

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth, with a notable increase in the last year. From April 2023 to
March 2024, average prices per square meter in the city center rose from
$2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual increase. This steady upward
trend is part of a larger surge observed over the last decade, where
prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073 in 2023, totaling a 103%
increase. This growth was particularly marked by a dramatic 42.4% rise
from 2021 to 2022.

Retirement in Armenia

[]

To help you make an informed decision, we cover several key aspects of
retiring in this country.
Tax Considerations: Armenia offers a tax-friendly environment, with no
tax on pensions or insurance income, capital gains, gifts, and
inheritance.

Visa and Residency: Armenia is known for its liberal immigration laws,
allowing nationals of many countries to visit visa-free and stay
long-term. For detailed information on visa and residency requirements,
please visit our website.
Safety and Security: Armenia ranks as one of the safest countries
globally. For current safety rankings and crime statistics, refer
to Numbeo's Safety Rankings.
Connectivity and Internet Access: The country boasts high-speed,
affordable internet, ensuring you stay connected with loved ones and
global happenings effortlessly.
Property Ownership: Foreigners face no restrictions on owning real
estate and most land types, providing flexibility in finding your ideal
home.
Cost of Living and Domestic Assistance: The cost of living is relatively
low, and affordable labor makes it easier to find domestic help.
Detailed cost information is available on Numbeo.
Healthcare System: Armenia has an accessible healthcare system with both
public and private options, and health insurance is reasonably priced at
around USD 200-500 annually.
Community and Social Integration: Vibrant expatriate groups such as
the Armenian Repatriates Network and Expats in Republic of Armenia
provide excellent resources for networking and integration.

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Update on Armenia's Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

A significant amendment made in 2022 has broadened the scope for
acquiring Armenian citizenship by including "significant contributions"
across various sectors, including economy, science, education, culture,
healthcare, and sports.
However, the detailed criteria for what constitutes "significant
contributions" remain pending, as the Cabinet of Ministers has yet to
finalize these guidelines. The initial deadline for establishing these
criteria was in January 2023, but it has been delayed.
In response to global trends and input from international entities,
including the European Union, recent communications from the Ministry of
Internal Affairs signal impending modifications to Armenia's citizenship
legislation. These adjustments stem from the necessity to mitigate
issues associated with money laundering and tax evasion, indicating that
prospective applicants can anticipate new criteria and regulations.
For individuals seeking Armenian citizenship, we encourage considering
the alternative pathway of citizenship through residency. This
initiative allows applicants to obtain a residence permit within just 3
to 4 months, with an investment requirement ranging from $6,000 to
$10,000. After maintaining a residence permit for a continuous period of
3 years, applicants become eligible for citizenship. This pathway
requires applicants to be physically present in Armenia for the
submission of their citizenship application and to pass a
multiple-choice test on the Armenian constitution. The test necessitates
at least a basic understanding of the Armenian alphabet to memorize the
questions and answers.

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Introduction to obtaining Armenian citizenship by ethnicity

[]

In this article, we will explore the eligibility criteria, the
procedure, required documents, timeline, benefits, challenges, and
considerations of obtaining Armenian citizenship by ethnicity.

Understanding the eligibility criteria for citizenship by ethnicity in Armenia

To be eligible for Armenian citizenship by ethnicity, individuals must
demonstrate Armenian heritage through their lineage. Applicants are
required to substantiate their Armenian heritage by establishing that at
least one of their parents or grandparents was Armenian by ethnicity.
The Armenian government acknowledges several forms of documentation as
admissible proof, including birth certificates, marriage certificates,
and other officially issued documents explicitly affirming a direct line
of Armenian ancestry. Additionally, a baptism certificate issued by an
Armenian church, either abroad or within Armenia, is accepted provided
it belongs to the roster of approved dioceses and precisely denotes the
individual's Armenian ethnicity in Armenian script, "ազգությամբ հայ է."

Required documents for citizenship by ethnicity in Armenia

To initiate the citizenship application, the applicant must have the
following essential documents:
- Valid passport
- Legally authenticated (Apostilled or certified at an Armenian embassy
abroad) birth certificate
- A document issued by a governmental or ecclesiastical authority,
confirming the Armenian ethnicity of the applicant or one of their
parent's or grandparent's
- In cases of name change, the legalized document attesting to the
change, such as a name change certificate or marriage certificate
- Six passport-sized (35x45mm) photographs

The timeline for obtaining Armenian citizenship by ethnicity

Following the compilation of the requisite documentation, applicants may
formally submit their applications at either the Migration and
Citizenship Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Armenia in
Yerevan, Armenia, or at an Armenian embassy or consulate abroad. It is
essential to underscore that the application must be submitted in
person; representation by a third party is not admissible. In both
scenarios, it is mandatory to secure an appointment with the respective
authority for application submission.
Upon submission of the application, the processing period typically
extends to 90 business days. However, when applying through an Armenian
embassy or consulate, this period may be subject to extension.

Procedure of passport application after getting the citizenship application approved

For passport application, applicants have the choice to pursue the
process in Armenia or at an Armenian embassy/consulate abroad. In the
Armenian jurisdiction, expedited processing options are available,
entailing 1, 3, or 5 business days, subject to additional fees. It is
imperative to bear in mind that when applying through an Armenian
embassy, the procedure extends to a period of 3-4 months, with no
expedited processing alternatives.
Male citizens below the age of 55 are also obligated to fulfill a
military registration requirement, which may entail an additional week
before receiving their Armenian passport.

Frequently asked questions about citizenship by ethnicity in Armenia

1. Can I obtain Armenian citizenship by ethnicity if I don't speak
Armenian?
Yes, Armenian language proficiency is not a requirement for obtaining
citizenship by ethnicity.
 
2. How long does it take to obtain Armenian citizenship by ethnicity?
By law, the process necessitates 90 business days; however, applications
submitted through Armenian embassies/consulates may incur lengthier
processing times.
3. Can I maintain dual citizenship with Armenia?
Yes, Armenia permits dual citizenship, enabling individuals to retain
their existing citizenship while attaining Armenian citizenship by
ethnicity.
4. Can I pass down Armenian citizenship by ethnicity to my children?
Yes, the children of individuals who obtain Armenian citizenship are
also eligible for Armenian citizenship.

Conclusion

Obtaining Armenian citizenship by ethnicity is an opportunity for
individuals of Armenian heritage to reconnect with their roots and fully
embrace their Armenian identity. The rich history, culture, and
opportunities in Armenia await those who choose to embark on this
journey of unlocking their roots and obtaining Armenian citizenship by
ethnicity.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very
well. 

[]

JAGDISH N.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

[]

ALI E.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

[]

NADINE B.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

[]

JOHN B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

[]

H. RASSA

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

[]

MATI H.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Introduction to obtaining Armenian citizenship through marriage

[]

In this article, we will explore the process of obtaining Armenian
citizenship through marriage, the eligibility requirements, necessary
documents, the application process, and the rights and privileges that
come with being an Armenian citizen. Whether you're planning to tie the
knot or have already done so, this guide will provide you with the
information you need to navigate the path to Armenian citizenship.

Eligibility requirements for obtaining Armenian citizenship through marriage

To be eligible for Armenian citizenship through marriage, you must meet
certain criteria. Firstly, you must be legally married to an Armenian
citizen. The marriage should be recognized by Armenian law and be active
for at least the last 2 years. It is important to note that the 2 years
will not be calculated after one of the spouses gets citizenship but
just based on the marriage registration date. Furthermore, you must
demonstrate that you have legally resided in Armenia for at least 365
days within the last 2 years. 

Documents required for the application process

The application process for obtaining Armenian citizenship through
marriage requires the submission of specific documents. It's essential
to gather and prepare these documents in advance to ensure a smooth and
efficient application process. The following are the key documents
typically required:

1.  Marriage Certificate: A legalized copy of your marriage certificate,
    issued by the pertinent authorities in the jurisdiction where the
    marriage occurred.

2.  Passport: A valid passport, with a remaining validity period of at
    least six months, which must be your current passport.

3.  Birth Certificate: Your original birth certificate, duly legalized.

4.  Proof of Residency: A residence permit in Armenia that has been
    active for a minimum of 365 days within the preceding two years.

The application process for obtaining Armenian citizenship through marriage

Once you have gathered all the necessary documents, you can proceed with
the application process for Armenian citizenship through marriage. The
process typically involves the following steps:

1.  Appointment Booking: Arrange an appointment in advance for the
    submission of your application at the Migration and Citizenship
    Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Armenia, either
    within Armenia or at an Armenian embassy abroad, depending on your
    preference.

2.  Application Submission: On the scheduled date, submit your
    application, accompanied by the necessary documents.

3.  Citizenship Test: On the day of application submission, you will be
    required to take a citizenship test assessing your knowledge of the
    Armenian Constitution. This test consists of 33 multiple-choice
    questions and necessitates a minimum of 17 correct answers to pass.

4.  Application Review: Citizenship applications are typically reviewed
    within 90 business days. However, if applying at an Armenian embassy
    abroad, the review process may extend beyond this timeframe.

5.  Passport Application: Upon approval of your application, you may
    choose to apply for an Armenian passport either in Armenia or at an
    Armenian embassy abroad. In Armenia, expedited passport issuance,
    even within one business day, is an option, while embassy
    applications may take approximately 3-4 months. It is worth noting
    that male citizens under the age of 55 are additionally obligated to
    complete a military registration process.

Frequently asked questions about obtaining Armenian citizenship through marriage

Q: Can I retain my original citizenship while obtaining Armenian
citizenship through marriage?
A: Yes, Armenia allows dual citizenship, enabling you to preserve your
original citizenship alongside obtaining Armenian citizenship.

Q: Can same-sex marriages lead to acquiring Armenian citizenship?
A: No, Armenia does not recognize same-sex marriages for the purpose of
obtaining citizenship.

Q: Can I apply for Armenian citizenship through marriage if I am
separated from my Armenian spouse?
A: No, the marriage must remain legally recognized and ongoing at the
time of application.

Q: Can my parents become eligible for citizenship after I acquire
Armenian citizenship?
A: Yes, once you obtain citizenship in Armenia, your parents also have
the option to apply for citizenship based on having a child who is a
citizen of the Republic of Armenia.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Residency by Investment in Armenia 2024 

Armenia offers temporary and permanent residence permits to investors
and their families. If you hold a residence permit, you may be eligible
for an Armenian passport (citizenship) after just three years of
residency. The application process for a residence permit is also quite
straightforward. You can apply remotely, and typically, all you need is
a valid passport (more details on the process and requirements below).
Unlike other countries, Armenia does not require you to stay in the
country.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Benefits of Investment-Based Residency
2.  Investment Options for Gaining Residency
3.  Application Process for Investors
4.  Financial Considerations
5.  Maintenance and Renewal
6.  Path to Citizenship
7.  Other Practical Information

1. Benefits of Investment-Based Residency

Obtaining an Armenian residence permit presents a wealth of advantages
for individuals seeking residency in a country with a rich cultural
heritage and robust economic opportunities. Here are the key benefits
and procedural aspects of securing residency in Armenia:

Ease of Procedure

-   Remote Application Process: Applicants can secure their Armenian
    residency remotely, requiring only a passport and a health
    certificate. This streamlined process enables individuals from
    around the globe to apply without needing to be physically present
    in Armenia initially.
-   Minimal Documentation Required: Applicants need only provide their
    passport and a medical certificate alongside documents supporting
    their legal basis for application.

Lifestyle and Legal Privileges

-   Family Inclusion: The residence permit extends eligibility to family
    members, including spouses, children (minor and adult), siblings,
    and grandparents, making it a family-friendly option.
-   Economic and Cultural Benefits: Armenia boasts a rapidly growing
    economy, with a 8.7% GDP growth in 2023. The country offers
    investment opportunities in high-interest banking and a thriving
    real estate market where foreign land ownership is permitted. The
    capital, Yerevan, is noted for its safety, low cost of living,
    high-speed internet, affordable healthcare, and exceptional cuisine.
    From its UNESCO World Heritage Sites to the stunning views of Mount
    Ararat, Armenia's natural and cultural offerings enrich the lives of
    its residents.
-   Legal and Social Advantages: Residents of Armenia enjoy all
    constitutional rights and freedoms afforded to citizens, except for
    political rights. These include rights to healthcare, social
    security, education, property, and privacy, along with freedoms of
    speech, conscience, religion, and belief. Importantly, residents are
    exempt from mandatory military service.
-   Global Connectivity: Armenia maintains strong international
    relationships, especially with Western nations such as those in the
    European Union and the USA. It also has a visa-free regime with
    countries like Russia, Iran, and China, enhancing the travel freedom
    of its residents.
-   Investment and Banking Opportunities: As a resident, individuals can
    access diverse banking services and investment opportunities.
    Permanent property and land ownership rights are significant
    incentives for those looking to invest in real estate.

Path to Citizenship

-   Path to Citizenship: After three years of residency, individuals may
    qualify for Armenian citizenship, contingent upon government
    approval.

-   Dual Citizenship: If an individual opts to become an Armenian
    citizen, the country expressly permits dual citizenship, allowing
    one to retain their original nationality.

2. Investment Options for Gaining Residency

[]

Investment options

Armenia's immigration laws are quite liberal, and there are multiple
ways to become a resident. You can invest in an existing business or
rental properties or engage in agriculture, such as vineyards or
orchards. In short, being involved in any business, regardless of its
size or nature, should qualify you for Armenian residency.
For those who prefer not to establish their own business in Armenia, we
offer two alternative paths to secure residency in the country: by
making a $6,000 donation to a rural development project (the donation
route). If you are interested in learning more about this option, please
contact us, and we will provide you with more information.

[]

Alternative Ways to Qualify for Residency

Armenia's immigration laws are quite liberal, and there are multiple
ways to become a resident. You can invest in an existing business or
rental properties or engage in agriculture, such as vineyards or
orchards. In short, being involved in any business, regardless of its
size or nature, should qualify you for Armenian residency.
Purchasing an existing business or a share in one is another way to
qualify for residency, but it is typically more complicated due to due
diligence checks and appraisal matters. You can find offers to invest in
small and medium-sized businesses
at https://investin.am/investment-projects/, and a few large companies
are listed on the Armenian stock exchange
at https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Just owning real estate will not qualify you for a residence permit, but
turning the property into an income-generating business asset can do the
trick. Typically, this is done by purchasing property and renting it
out, You will still have to register as a taxpayer in Armenia and pay
taxes on your income.

You can find more information about business opportunities in
Armenia here.

[]

Family Residency

If you hold an Armenian residence permit, your immediate family members
may also be eligible for residency. Specifically, you can sponsor your
spouse, your children (whether they are minors or adults, with no age
restrictions), and your parents (also with no age restrictions). You do
not need to demonstrate that your family members are financially
dependent on you. Furthermore, if you have a permanent (long-term) or
special residence permit, you can also sponsor your siblings,
grandparents, and grandchildren.
To establish a family relationship, a legalized (Apostille or consular
legalization) birth or marriage certificate (or an equivalent document)
must be presented.
Normally, family members are granted only temporary (one-year) residence
permits, even if the main applicant has a permanent (five-year) or
special (ten-year) residence permit or is an Armenian citizen. However,
in the last two cases (i.e., where the main applicant is an Armenian
citizen or has a special residence permit), family members can qualify
for a five-year permit if they have been residents of Armenia for three
years.
It is not possible to apply simultaneously for the residency of both the
main applicant and their family members. Instead, family members must
file their applications after the main applicant's residence permit is
issued. Therefore, it is crucial to plan the application process
properly in advance, especially when it comes to extending the permits.
For example, if the primary applicant wishes to extend their residence
permit, it is advisable to submit the application approximately three
months prior to the expiry date. This timing ensures the possibility of
applying for the extension of any dependent's residence permit without
any gaps in validity between the residence cards.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

3. Application Process for Investors

[]

Step-by-Step Guide

If you are considering obtaining an Armenian residence permit as an
investor, you will need to follow these steps:
Step 1: Either travel to Armenia or send the necessary documents
(including a power of attorney and the original passport) to Armenia for
remote application.
Step 2: Transfer the investment amount (takes 2-5 days).
Step 3: Register the investor's share with the government (takes 2-3
days).
Step 4: Submit your residence permit application. For remote
applications, mail your original passport. Your passport will be
returned after a few days (1-2 days for in-person applications or
approximately 2-3 weeks for remote applications).
Step 5: Await the examination and approval of your residence permit
application (takes 40-50 days).
Step 6: We will collect your residence permit and deliver or mail it to
you (takes 1 day).
The entire process typically spans 2-3 months, depending on whether you
apply in person or remotely and your specific circumstances.
To apply, you will need a valid passport; a medical check certificate
and photographs may also be necessary. You will need to provide proof of
address or employment, police clearance certificates, bank account
statements, reference letters, health/travel insurance, or tickets.
Remember to account for legal fees and other expenses, such as
government fees, mailing, translation, and notarization. For additional
information, do not hesitate to contact us.

[]

Remote Applications: Procedure and Requirements

If you are applying for an Armenian residence permit, your lawyer or
representative can file the application remotely. However, on the day of
the application, we will need to present your original passport to the
immigration officer. This means that if you are applying remotely, you
will need to mail your passport to Armenia via a courier service like
FedEx, DHL, or UPS for a few days. Your passport will be mailed back to
you immediately after the application is filed.
Applications for temporary (1-year) or permanent (5-year) residence
permits must be filed at the Immigration Office. Please note that
Armenian embassies typically do not process residence permit
applications, except in the case of a special 10-year residence permit.

[]

Physical Presence, No Minimum Stay

There are no specific requirements regarding the number of days you need
to spend in Armenia to maintain your residence status. Generally, it is
possible to apply for and extend your residence permit remotely. Please
refer to the previous section for further details on this matter.

4. Financial Considerations

[]

Tax Implications

It is important to note that obtaining a residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) does not automatically make you a "tax resident."
Tax residency is regulated by tax laws, not immigration laws. In
general, you become a tax resident of Armenia by spending more than 183
days in the country in a year. This means that it is possible to hold a
residence permit without becoming a tax resident, and vice versa.
Please be aware that if you are employed as a worker or are a "private
entrepreneur" in Armenia, you may be required to begin making social
(pension) and military contributions once you have obtained your
residence permit.
Armenia does not typically tax individuals' capital gains on the sale of
securities or real estate, or other assets, regardless of whether those
gains are generated in Armenia or elsewhere. Certain forms of income,
such as insurance and pension payments, are also exempt from taxes.
Additionally, there are no taxes on gifts, inheritance, or net worth.
However, there is no general rule that exempts a tax resident from
paying taxes on income generated outside of Armenia.
You may also be able to obtain documents such as proof of registered
address in Armenia, a social security number, a taxpayer identification
number, a tax residency certificate, or a certificate of permanent
residency.

Taxpayer Identification Number
Individuals receiving profits from commercial organizations are mandated
to obtain a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). This is imperative, as
the distribution of profits entails the obligation to remit income tax
on dividends, necessitating the possession of a TIN for tax payment
purposes. Furthermore, certain foreign banks may request the Taxpayer
Identification Number as a means to authenticate their association with
the Republic of Armenia.
The application process primarily involves the submission of a TIN
application along with a copy of the passport.

Tax Residency Certificate
In general, an individual can become a tax resident of Armenia if their
stay in the country extends to 183 days or more. Alternatively, a
petition can be submitted to the tax office to procure a tax residency
certificate, even if the stipulated duration of 183 days is not met.
However, the application must substantiate that the center of vital
interest is situated in Armenia, signifying that personal or business
affiliations with Armenia outweigh those with any other country. It is
crucial to note that such certificates are issued exclusively for a
specific tax year and explicitly cite the pertinent double tax treaty.
To initiate the application for a tax residency certificate, the
applicant is required to submit a comprehensive set of documents. These
include statements detailing income from foreign sources, copies of all
passport pages, a calculation table reflecting the individual's presence
within the Republic of Armenia, or a written justification outlining the
localization of the center of vital interests within the territory of
the Republic of Armenia, supported by relevant documentation.
The issuance of the tax residency certificate is typically completed
within two business days.

[]

Costs of Obtaining and Residence Permit

The government fees for obtaining a residence permit vary between $270
to $390, depending on the type of permit. Immediate relatives of
Armenian nationals are generally exempt from paying government fees, and
reduced rates apply to US nationals. In the event that the application
for a residence permit is rejected (but not if withdrawn by the
applicant), the government fees are refundable.
Please be aware that in addition to government fees, you may also incur
expenses related to document translation, medical checks, photographs,
etc. If you plan to hire a lawyer to represent you before the
immigration authorities, legal fees will also apply.

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residence       | Temporary       | Permanent       | Special         |
| Permit          | (Short-Term)    | (Long-Term)     | Passport        |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Validity        | 1 year,         | 5 years,        | 10 years,       |
|                 | extendable      | extendable      | extendable      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Government Fees | $270 (AMD       | $360 (AMD       | $390 (AMD       |
| (Approx.)       | 105,000)        | 140,000)        | 150,000)        |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

5. Maintenance and Renewal

[]

Residence Permit Renewal: Appointment Booking and Process

Residence permits must be renewed (extended) periodically. Temporary
permits can be renewed annually, while permanent (long-term) and special
residence permits can be renewed every five and ten years, respectively.
The application for renewal must be submitted no later than 30 days
before the expiration of the current permit. In the case of special
permits, it is recommended to apply at least 60 days before the
expiration. If there are family members (dependents), the main applicant
should apply even earlier to allow sufficient time for processing both
their own and their dependents' applications.
Please note that currently, the Immigration Office requires all
appointments to be scheduled in advance through an online booking system
(https://e-request.am/en). The waiting periods for these appointments
may range from a few weeks to even longer, so it is important to
consider this factor when planning for an extension.
The renewal procedure is similar to that of the initial application. For
instance, a business owner would still need to be interviewed by an
immigration officer and show proof of active business operations, among
other requirements (refer to section 3 above for further information).
There are no restrictions on the number of times a residence permit can
be extended, and there is no requirement to spend a particular number of
days in Armenia to extend the residence permit. Moreover, it is possible
to apply for an extension remotely.

[]

Residence Cards and Re-issuance

Temporary and permanent residence cards are issued as separate paper
documents, except for work-based temporary residence cards, which are
issued as plastic cards. A residence card contains a photograph of its
holder and serves as an identification document. You may keep it in your
passport or carry it separately. It is not allowed to laminate the paper
residence card, as it may become necessary to write annotations or put
stamps on the card. If you are not present in Armenia, your lawyer or
other authorized representative can collect the residence card and mail
it to your foreign address.
The residence card also displays your passport number. If you change
your passport, you may also need to update your residence card (or the
immigration officer may make an annotation on the card). If your
residence card is lost or damaged, you can apply for a re-issuance by
paying a government fee of 12,000 drams (approximately $30). The new
card should be issued within a few days.

[]

[]

Temporary residence permit card

[]

[]

Permanent residence permit card

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2023.03.17 RBI

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Register as a taxpayer in Armenia

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

6. Path to Citizenship

If you have been living in Armenia permanently for the past three years,
you are eligible to apply for Armenian citizenship. However, the term
"permanent resident" is not clearly defined by the Citizenship Law. In
practice, the police will accept and process a citizenship application
if the applicant has maintained an Armenian residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) during the three-year period.
In addition to the residency requirement, you will need to pass a test
on your knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. This is a
multiple-choice test with 33 questions, and you only need to answer 17
of them correctly to pass. The test is administered in Armenian, and you
will be asked to fill out a biographic form in Armenian as well. This
means that you may need to spend some time (perhaps a couple of months)
learning basic Armenian.
It is important to note that meeting the above requirements does not
guarantee that your citizenship application will be approved. If your
application is rejected, you can reapply after one year. Additionally,
if your application is rejected, you can appeal the decision in court.
However, administrative court proceedings are likely to take up to one
year or even longer.

7. Other Practical Information

[]

Investing in Real Estate, Bank Deposits and Other Assets

Armenia presents a diverse range of investment opportunities
characterized by advantageous conditions for both domestic and
international investors. Whether the focus is on real estate or
financial markets, the nation boasts a streamlined and investor-friendly
process, fostering increased capital inflow. 

Real Property

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth. From April 2023 to March 2024, average prices per square meter
in the city center rose from $2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual
increase. This steady upward trend is part of a larger surge observed
over the last decade, where prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073
in 2023, totaling a 103% increase. This growth was particularly marked
by a dramatic 42.4% rise from 2021 to 2022.
The process of purchasing a property in Armenia is efficient and quick,
with the country ranking 13th out of 190 countries on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index. It is even possible to buy properties
remotely without visiting the country.
Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes, and capital gains on the
sale of real property by an individual are generally not taxed. Property
tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which is normally
significantly lower than the market value. Stamp duties are not
applicable, and only small official fees are paid, which do not depend
on the value of the property. Rental income up to 60 million Armenian
drams (approximately $155,000) per year is taxed at 10%, and rental
income exceeding that amount is taxed at 20%.
Foreigners can own 100% of real estate in Armenia, and they have the
same rights as locals to acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, and
otherwise dispose of their property. There is no need for foreigners to
have a residence permit or any other links to Armenia. Overall, the real
estate market in Armenia offers great opportunities for foreign
investors seeking to diversify their portfolio and take advantage of a
growing economy.
You might want to consider buying off-plan property from real estate
developers and see non-taxable capital gains of 20-30% after the
construction is completed. There are many construction projects to
choose from, and you can find more information on websites such
as ArmEconomBank, ACBA Bank, Inecobank, Ameriabank, Red Invest Group,
and Construction.am.

Land and Farming
Lands in Armenia are classified according to their designated usage
(zoning), including agricultural, residential, industrial, energy,
forest, and more. Foreigners can directly own household and gardening
plots, lands designated for construction and maintenance of a homestead,
and residential and commercial development lands. Other types of land,
such as agricultural land, can be owned through a legal entity. Special
residence permit holders can own all types of land. There are some
restrictions on building on agricultural land, although small buildings
up to 30 sq. m. are allowed. In most rural communities, structures of up
to 300 sq. m. can be built on land exceeding 10,000 sq. m. It may also
be possible to change the zoning of land with the help of the local
municipality.
If you are interested in agricultural investments, you might consider
fruit farming or wine growing, which are one of the oldest economic
sectors in Armenia, with over 60,000 active entities in this industry.
The most popular forms of cultivation are grape, apricot, and peach. You
may choose to buy an existing farm or set up a new one, and you may be
eligible for a government subsidy. Two types of subsidies are available:
compensation of up to 50% of costs incurred in setting up a vineyard
(orchard) or a low-interest rate loan (2%) for a maximum amount of $2.9
million for vineyards, $5 million for orchards, and $4.7 million for
berry farms.

Stocks, Bonds, and Bank Deposits

If you are interested in investing in small and medium-sized businesses,
you can find offers on the Invest in Armenia
website: https://investin.am/investment-projects/. The Armenian stock
exchange also lists a few large
companies: https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Although few companies are listed on the Armenian stock exchange, many
issue corporate bonds with relatively high yields (in excess of 11% in
local currency and 6% in USD). The Armenian government also issues both
short-term and long-term bonds, typically with annual interest rates
above 10%. You can find more information on the stock exchange website
and at moneymarket.am.
Interest paid on bank deposits in Armenia is relatively high, with
annual rates up to 10% for local currency deposits and 5% for USD
deposits. Deposits can also be made in euros and Russian Rubles, and
information on current deposit interest rates is available
at moneymarket.am. Although the Armenian dram has appreciated against
the USD by around 20% in 2022, exchange rates have been mostly stable
over the last few decades. Banks typically withhold a 10% tax on
interest payments. You can also find information on current prices of
gold bars (ranging from 1 gram to 1,000 grams) at moneymarket.am. Most
banks offer safety box services, allowing you to purchase gold bars and
keep them in a secure location.
All banks in Armenia are licensed and closely regulated by the Central
Bank of Armenia. A deposit insurance system is also in place, covering
deposits up to AMD 16 million (around $41,000) for local currency
deposits and AMD 7 million (around $18,000) for foreign currency
deposits. However, the system has never been used as there have been no
bank runs in recent history.

[]

Banking and Financial Services

Armenia has a well-established banking system, with 18 privately owned
banks regulated by the Central Bank. Among them, HSBC is an
international bank, while many local banks have foreign capital from
countries such as Russia (VTB), France (ACBA), Lebanon (Byblos, ID),
Argentina (Converse), Iran (Mellat), and others. Armenian banks offer
modern banking services, including online and mobile banking, debit and
credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx), accounts in various currencies
(USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY), gold metal accounts, wealth
management, private banking, and safety deposit boxes. They also have
low charges, strong privacy, and high-quality customer service.

[]

Healthcare and Insurance

In Armenia, individuals are not required by law to have health
insurance. However, all six licensed insurance companies offer health
insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300 to $600 per
person. These companies are SIL Insurance, Liga Insurance, Nairi
Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Reso, and Armenia Insurance.

[]

Company Registration

Setting up an LLC in Armenia is a quick and uncomplicated process, which
can be completed entirely remotely. There are no limitations on foreign
ownership or management of companies, no minimum investment
requirements, and no renewal fees to worry about. Shareholders are
afforded limited liability and can utilize the LLC structure for
purposes of asset protection or tax optimization. Armenia also boasts
favorable tax regulations for small businesses, with many being
completely exempt from taxes. Furthermore, IT companies can benefit from
special tax incentives.
Benefits: Registering an LLC in Armenia has several advantages,
including:

-   Fast registration process (typically within a couple of days)
-   Shareholders enjoy limited liability
-   Minimal documentation requirements (only passports are needed)
-   No restrictions on foreign ownership or directorship
-   No minimum capital requirements
-   No need to engage local partners, agents, managers, secretaries,
    etc.
-   Permanent existence with no renewal fees
-   Bank accounts available in various currencies
-   No restrictions on repatriation of profits and capital

For more information, please see the page on incorporation.
Taxation: Armenia offers favorable tax rates for small businesses. Many
types of businesses with annual sales below AMD 24 million (equivalent
to around $62,000 as of March 2023) are exempt from income tax. Other
businesses with annual sales below AMD 115 million (around $297,000) are
also exempt from income tax but are subject to a sales tax (turnover
tax) of 5% or less. Newly registered IT companies and firms operating in
free economic zones, industrial zones, and certain border towns and
villages are also eligible for tax exemptions.
An LLC registered in Armenia is considered a tax resident of Armenia and
is taxed on its worldwide income. Tax rates are generally the same
regardless of whether income comes from Armenia or another country.
Asset Protection: An Armenian LLC can be used as a holding company for
assets. Setting up a tax-exempt "microbusiness" LLC can be advantageous
for receiving passive income, such as dividends, of up to AMD 24 million
(around $62,000) annually. Additionally, income from the sale of
financial assets is not subject to taxation, regardless of the amount.
However, it is important to avoid being classified as an "investment
company," which requires licensing.
While it is possible to use an LLC to own real estate in Armenia or
other countries, Armenian tax laws generally make it more beneficial to
own such property as an individual to avoid capital gains tax on sales
between individuals.
Armenian law does not recognize trusts, so assets are typically held
through an LLC or other corporate structures such as a joint-stock
company, foundation, or consumer cooperative. Nominee and corporate
shareholders and directors are allowed, but companies must file annual
statements disclosing the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO).

[]

Marriage Registration

Foreigners can get married in Armenia without any requirement to live or
have ties to the country. The registration process is typically quick
and can be completed in as little as two business days. However, both
individuals need to provide a "non-marriage" certificate from their
country of permanent residence to confirm their marital status. If a
non-marriage certificate cannot be obtained, an affidavit may be used
instead. These documents must be legalized, either by Apostille or
consular legalization, and translated into Armenian before they can be
submitted to the Armenian Ministry of Justice. Remote registration with
a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

Driving License

Obtaining an Armenian driving license is a two-step process that
involves taking a computer-based driving theory test and a practical
driving test. The theory test questions are available in Armenian,
Russian, English, Arabic, and Farsi. There are a total of 1,116
questions, and the test consists of 20 questions with only two incorrect
answers allowed. To register for the test, you can visit the
website roadpolice.am and wait for notification about the time and place
of the test. If you pass the theory test, you will be allowed to take
the driving test immediately. In addition, it is possible to exchange
your foreign driving license for an Armenian one if your license is
issued by a country that is party to the 1968 Vienna Convention.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

As a foreigner, before travelling to any country entry requirements need
to be taken into account. In this article, we will provide you with a
comprehensive checklist that will guide you through the process of
obtaining an entry visa for foreigners in Armenia.

[]

Introduction to Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

An entry visa is a document that grants you permission to enter a
foreign country for a specific period. For Armenia, there are a few visa
regimes and the type you are eligible for depends on the citizenship you
hold.

Visa-free regime

Citizens of the below-mentioned countries are visa-exempt; thus, they do
not need to apply for a visa and can stay in Armenia for up to 180 days
within a year.
1.Albania
2.Andorra
3.Argentina
4.Australia
5.Austria
6.Belarus
7.Belgium
8.Brazil
9.Bulgaria
10.Croatia
11.Cyprus
12.Czechia
13.Denmark
14.Ecuador
15.Estonia
16.Finland
17.France
18.Georgia
19.Germany
20.Greece
21.Holy See (Vatical City State)
22.Hong Kong (SAR China)
23.Hungary
24.Iceland
25.Ireland
26.Italy
27.Japan
28.Kazakhstan
29.Kuwait
30.Kyrgyzstan
31.Liechtenstein
32.Lithuania
33.Latvia
34.Luxembourg
35.Macao
36.Malta
37.Monaco
38.Montenegro
39.Netherlands
40.New Zealand
41.Norway
42.Poland
43.Portugal
44.Qatar
45.Republic of Korea
46.Republic of Moldova
47.Romania
48.Russian Federation
49.San Marino
50.Serbia
51.Singapore
52.Slovakia
53.Slovenia
54.Spain
55.Sweden
56.Switzerland
57.Tajikistan
58.Ukraine
59.United Arab Emirates
60.United Kingdom
61.United States of America
62.Uruguay
63.Uzbekistan
Citizens of the People’s Republic of China and the Islamic Republic of
Iran are also visa-exempt; however, they can stay in Armenia for up to
90 days within any 180-day period.

Please note that citizens of these countries can only legally extend
their stay in Armenia by getting a residence permit in Armenia (based on
work/business/studies).

Visa on arrival

Citizens of the below-mentioned countries can either get a visa on
arrival or choose to apply for a visa beforehand at an Armenian embassy
or through e-visa platform. These citizens can choose to either get a 21
or 120-day visa.

1.Antigua and Barbuda
2.Bahamas
3.Barbados
4.Bosnia and Herzegovina
5.Canada
6.Chile
7.Democratic People’s republic of Korea (North)
8.Dominica
9.Dominican Republic
10.Israel
11.Jordan
12.Lebanon
13.Mexico
14.North Macedonia
15.Oman
16.Panama
17.Peru
18.Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
19.South Africa
20.Thailand
21.Turkiye

Visa at an embassy or E-Visa

For citizens of these countries, it is again possible to apply for a
visa to Armenia at an Armenian embassy or through the e-visa platform
online (find information about the e-visa application documents and the
fees below). These citizens can qualify for a visa on arrival only if
they hold a valid visa or a temporary or permanent residence card from
an EU/Schengen country, or one of the GCC countries (UAE, Qatar, Kuwait,
Saudi Arabia, Oman, Bahrain), USA, UK, Canada, Russia, Australia, New
Zealand, Japan, or South Korea.

1.Algeria
2.Bahrain
3.Belize
4.Bhutan
5.Bolivia
6.Brunei Darussalam
7.Cambodia
8.Colombia
9.Costa Rica
10.Cuba
11.Egypt
12.El Salvador
13.Fiji
14.Grenada
15.Guatemala
16.Guyana
17.Haiti
18.Honduras
19.India
20.Indonesia
21.Iraq
22.Jamaica
23.Kiribati
24.Laos
25.Malaysia
26.Maldives
27.Marshall Islands
28.Micronesia
29.Mongolia
30.Morocco
31.Myanmar
32.Nauru
33.Nicaragua
34.Palau
35.Papua New Guinea
36.Paraguay
37.Philippines
38.Saint Kitts and Nevis
39.Saint Lucia
40.Samoa
41.Saudi Arabia
42.Solomon Islands
43.Sovereign Military order of Malta
44.Taiwan
45.Timor-Leste
46.Tonga
47.Trinidad and Tobago
48.Tunisia
49.Turkmenistan
50.Tuvalu
51.Vanuatu
52.Venezuela

Visa at an embassy only with an invitation letter

Citizens of the below-mentioned countries will need an invitation letter
from Armenia before you can obtain a visa at the Armenian embassy. These
citizens cannot apply for a visa through the e-visa platform even after
they get an approved invitation letter.

1.Angola
2.Bangladesh
3.Benin
4.Botswana
5.Burkina Faso
6.Burundi
7.Cabo Verde
8.Cameroon
9.Central African Republic
10.Chad
11.Comoros
12.Congo
13.Cote d’Ivoire
14.Djibouti
15.Equatorial Guinea
16.Eritrea
17.Eswatini
18.Ethiopia
19.Gabon
20.Gambia
21.Ghana
22.Guinea
23.Guinea-Bissau
24.Kenya
25.Lesotho
26.Liberia
27.Libya
28.Lesotho
29.Madagascar
30.Malawi
31.Mali
32.Mauritania
33.Mauritius
34.Mozambique
35.Namibia
36.Nepal
37.Niger
38.Nigeria
39.Pakistan
40.Palestine
41.Rwanda
42.Sao Tome and Principe
43.Senegal
44.Seychelles
45.Sierra Leone
46.Somalia
47.South Sudan
48.Sri Lanka
49.Sudan
50.Suriname
51.Syrian Arab Republic
52.Tanzania
53.The Democratic Republic of Congo
54.Togo
55.Uganda
56.Yemen
57.Zambia
58.Zimbabwe

Invitations can be presented both by legal entities registered in
Armenia or individuals. In case of individuals the invitations are
submitted at the Migration and Citizenship Service of the Ministry of
Internal Affairs of the Republic of Armenia.

E-visa application documents

To apply for an e-visa to Armenia, citizens of the qualified countries
need to attach the following documents:
•  valid passport copy
•  a passport-size photo
•  residence address and phone number
•  occupation (company and the position)
•  residence address in Armenia, contact phone number
•  arrival date
•  accommodation booking (preferable)
•  other country visas/residence permits, if any
•  flight tickets or reservation, if any
•  proof of funds, if any

E-Visa Processing Time and Fees

The processing time and fees for an entry visa for foreigners in Armenia
vary depending on the type of visa and the duration of stay. The e-visa
fees are $7 and $34 for a 21 and 120-day visas respectively, and the
processing time usually takes 3 business days.

Extension of Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Visitor visas are extended by the Migration and Citizenship Service of
the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Armenia.
Armenian visas are issued for a maximum of 120 days with the possibility
to extend for another 60 days if no other term is defined by
international agreements of the Republic of Armenia. The government fee
for each day of extension is AMD 500 (around USD 1,5). 

Conclusion and Additional Resources for Entry Visa Application

For additional resources and information on the visa application
process, you can visit the official website of the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs of the Republic of Armenia or contact the Armenian embassy or
consulate in your country.

In case after visiting Armenia you decide to stay longer than your visa
validity period, you can review the options to get a residence permit in
Armenia.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Residency for Digital Nomads in Armenia 2024 

Becoming a resident of Armenia is a great opportunity for digital
nomads, freelancers, remote workers, and online business owners, and it
is easier than you might think. Armenia offers temporary and permanent
residence permits to such individuals and their families. Plus, if you
hold a residence permit, you may be eligible for an Armenian passport
(citizenship) after just three years of residency. The application
process for a residence permit is also quite straightforward. You can
apply remotely, and typically, all you need is a valid passport (more
details on the process and requirements below). Unlike other countries,
Armenia does not require you to stay in the country, provide police
clearance certificates, insurance policies, bank account statements, or
travel tickets.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Benefits of Investment-Based Residency
2.  Eligibility and Application Process
3.  Residency Options and Requirements
4.  Financial and Legal Aspects
5.  Renewal and Long-Term Stay Considerations
6.  Living in Armenia

1. Benefits of Residency for Digital Nomads

Obtaining an Armenian residence permit presents a wealth of advantages
for individuals seeking residency in a country with a rich cultural
heritage and robust economic opportunities. Here are the key benefits
and procedural aspects of securing residency in Armenia:

Ease of Procedure

-   Remote Application Process: Applicants can secure their Armenian
    residency remotely, requiring only a passport and a health
    certificate. This streamlined process enables individuals from
    around the globe to apply without needing to be physically present
    in Armenia initially.
-   Minimal Documentation Required: Applicants need only provide their
    passport and a medical certificate alongside documents supporting
    their legal basis for application.

Lifestyle and Legal Privileges

-   Family Inclusion: The residence permit extends eligibility to family
    members, including spouses, children (minor and adult), siblings,
    and grandparents, making it a family-friendly option.
-   Economic and Cultural Benefits: Armenia boasts a rapidly growing
    economy, with a 8.7% GDP growth in 2023. The country offers
    investment opportunities in high-interest banking and a thriving
    real estate market where foreign land ownership is permitted. The
    capital, Yerevan, is noted for its safety, low cost of living,
    high-speed internet, affordable healthcare, and exceptional cuisine.
    From its UNESCO World Heritage Sites to the stunning views of Mount
    Ararat, Armenia's natural and cultural offerings enrich the lives of
    its residents.
-   Legal and Social Advantages: Residents of Armenia enjoy all
    constitutional rights and freedoms afforded to citizens, except for
    political rights. These include rights to healthcare, social
    security, education, property, and privacy, along with freedoms of
    speech, conscience, religion, and belief. Importantly, residents are
    exempt from mandatory military service.
-   Global Connectivity: Armenia maintains strong international
    relationships, especially with Western nations such as those in the
    European Union and the USA. It also has a visa-free regime with
    countries like Russia, Iran, and China, enhancing the travel freedom
    of its residents.
-   Investment and Banking Opportunities: As a resident, individuals can
    access diverse banking services and investment opportunities.
    Permanent property and land ownership rights are significant
    incentives for those looking to invest in real estate.

Path to Citizenship

-   Path to Citizenship: After three years of residency, individuals may
    qualify for Armenian citizenship, contingent upon government
    approval.

-   Dual Citizenship: If an individual opts to become an Armenian
    citizen, the country expressly permits dual citizenship, allowing
    one to retain their original nationality.

2. Eligibility and Application Process

[]

Qualification Criteria

If you are a digital nomad, freelancer, remote worker, or online
business owner looking to become a resident of Armenia, you will need to
meet certain requirements. Specifically, you must be engaged in business
activities in Armenia, which means registering with the Armenian tax
office as a sole proprietor (or register an LLC). However, your work
does not have to be connected to Armenia, and there are no requirements
to have Armenian clients or suppliers.

It is important to note that you will need to report at least some
income and pay taxes in Armenia. The tax rates will depend on your
income or sales, with independent service providers typically opting for
the "turnover tax" regime, which levies a 5% tax on reported income.
Under the "microbusiness" regime, it may be possible to pay 0% tax if
your annual income does not exceed around $60,000, though not all types
of activities qualify for this treatment. You may also be subject to
social (pension) contributions and military stamp duties after your
residence permit is issued.
For example, let us say you offer online classes. Since educational
services can be treated as a "microbusiness," you will be exempt from
taxes on income of up to around $60,000 per year, and you will not have
to make social (pension) contributions. However, you will need to pay
monthly military stamp duties of $4 to $25 after your residence permit
is issued.
On the other hand, if you are a business consultant, consulting services
cannot be treated as a "microbusiness," so you will have to pay a 5%
turnover tax on your income of up to $296,000. If you report income from
consulting services of $1,000 per month, you will pay $50 in turnover
tax (5% of $1,000) and a flat fee of $13 in income tax. After your
residence permit is issued, you will also need to pay a flat social
(pension) contribution of $13 and a monthly military stamp duty of $5.
Your total monthly tax bill will be $81 ($50 + $13 + $13 + $5).

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Microbusiness   | Turnover Tax    | Income Tax      |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Annual Sales    | < $60,000       | < $296,000      | > $296,000      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Tax Rate        | 0%              | $13 per month + | 18% on profit   |
|                 |                 | 5% on sales     |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Social          | 0               | $13 per month   | $188 per month  |
| (Pension)       |                 |                 |                 |
| Contribution    |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Military Stamp  | $4-$25 per      | $4-$25 per      | $25 per month   |
| Duty            | month           | month           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

[]

Step-by-Step Guide

If you are interested in obtaining an Armenian residence permit, you
will need to follow these steps:
Step 1: Travel to Armenia or mail the necessary documents to Armenia
(including a power of attorney and a legalized passport copy or the
original passport) if you are applying remotely.
Step 2: Register with the tax office as a sole proprietor and obtain a
taxpayer identification number (2-3 days).
Step 3: Report income from business or employment to the tax office and
pay taxes (approximately 3-6 weeks).
Step 4: File your residence permit application. If you are applying
remotely, you will need to mail your original passport. The passport
will be returned to you after a few days (1-2 days or approximately 2-3
weeks for remote applications).
Step 5: Wait for your residence permit application to be examined and
approved (30-50 days).
Step 6: We will collect your residence permit and have it delivered or
mailed to you (1 day).
The whole process typically takes between two to four months, depending
on the type of application (remote or in-person) and your individual
circumstances.
To apply, you will need a valid passport, and a medical check
certificate and photographs may also be required. You will not need to
provide proof of address or employment, police clearance certificates,
bank account statements, reference letters, health/travel insurance, or
tickets.
Keep in mind that you will need to budget for legal fees, as well as
other expenses like government fees, mailing, translation, and
notarization. For more information, feel free to contact us.

[]

Remote Applications: Procedure and Requirements

If you are applying for an Armenian residence permit, your lawyer or
representative can file the application remotely. However, on the day of
the application, we will need to present your original passport to the
immigration officer. This means that if you are applying remotely, you
will need to mail your passport to Armenia via a courier service like
FedEx, DHL, or UPS for a few days. Your passport will be mailed back to
you immediately after the application is filed.

[]

Family Residency

If you hold an Armenian residence permit, your immediate family members
may also be eligible for residency. Specifically, you can sponsor your
spouse, your children (whether they are minors or adults, with no age
restrictions), and your parents (also with no age restrictions). You do
not need to demonstrate that your family members are financially
dependent on you.
Furthermore, if you have a permanent (long-term) or special residence
permit, you can also sponsor your siblings, grandparents, and
grandchildren.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

3. Residency Options and Requirements

[]

Types of Permits

Applications for temporary (1-year) or permanent (5-year) residence
permits must be filed at the Immigration Office. Please note that
Armenian embassies typically do not process residence permit
applications, except in the case of a special 10-year residence permit.

[]

[]

Temporary residence permit card

[]

[]

Permanent residence permit card

[]

[]

Special residence permit/ Special passport

[]

Documentation and Legal Requirements

To apply, you will need a valid passport, and a medical check
certificate and photographs may also be required. You will not need to
provide proof of address or employment, police clearance certificates,
bank account statements, reference letters, health/travel insurance, or
tickets.

4. Financial and Legal Aspects

[]

Taxation for Digital Nomads

It is important to note that obtaining a residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) does not automatically make you a "tax resident."
Tax residency is regulated by tax laws, not immigration laws. In
general, you become a tax resident of Armenia by spending more than 183
days in the country in a year. This means that it is possible to hold a
residence permit without becoming a tax resident, and vice versa.
Please be aware that if you are employed as a worker or are a "private
entrepreneur" in Armenia, you may be required to begin making social
(pension) and military contributions once you have obtained your
residence permit.
Armenia does not typically tax individuals' capital gains on the sale of
securities or real estate, or other assets, regardless of whether those
gains are generated in Armenia or elsewhere. Certain forms of income,
such as insurance and pension payments, are also exempt from taxes.
Additionally, there are no taxes on gifts, inheritance, or net worth.
However, there is no general rule that exempts a tax resident from
paying taxes on income generated outside of Armenia.
You may also be able to obtain documents such as proof of registered
address in Armenia, a social security number, a taxpayer identification
number, a tax residency certificate, or a certificate of permanent
residency.

Taxpayer Identification Number
Individuals receiving profits from commercial organizations are mandated
to obtain a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). This is imperative, as
the distribution of profits entails the obligation to remit income tax
on dividends, necessitating the possession of a TIN for tax payment
purposes. Furthermore, certain foreign banks may request the Taxpayer
Identification Number as a means to authenticate their association with
the Republic of Armenia.
The application process primarily involves the submission of a TIN
application along with a copy of the passport.

Tax Residency Certificate
In general, an individual can become a tax resident of Armenia if their
stay in the country extends to 183 days or more. Alternatively, a
petition can be submitted to the tax office to procure a tax residency
certificate, even if the stipulated duration of 183 days is not met.
However, the application must substantiate that the center of vital
interest is situated in Armenia, signifying that personal or business
affiliations with Armenia outweigh those with any other country. It is
crucial to note that such certificates are issued exclusively for a
specific tax year and explicitly cite the pertinent double tax treaty.
To initiate the application for a tax residency certificate, the
applicant is required to submit a comprehensive set of documents. These
include statements detailing income from foreign sources, copies of all
passport pages, a calculation table reflecting the individual's presence
within the Republic of Armenia, or a written justification outlining the
localization of the center of vital interests within the territory of
the Republic of Armenia, supported by relevant documentation.
The issuance of the tax residency certificate is typically completed
within two business days.

[]

Costs of Obtaining a Residence Permit

The government fees for obtaining a residence permit vary between $270
to $390, depending on the type of permit. Immediate relatives of
Armenian nationals are generally exempt from paying government fees, and
reduced rates apply to US nationals. In the event that the application
for a residence permit is rejected (but not if withdrawn by the
applicant), the government fees are refundable.
Please be aware that in addition to government fees, you may also incur
expenses related to document translation, medical checks, photographs,
etc. If you plan to hire a lawyer to represent you before the
immigration authorities, legal fees will also apply.

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residence       | Temporary       | Permanent       | Special         |
| Permit          | (Short-Term)    | (Long-Term)     | Passport        |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Validity        | 1 year,         | 5 years,        | 10 years,       |
|                 | extendable      | extendable      | extendable      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Government Fees | $270 (AMD       | $360 (AMD       | $390 (AMD       |
| (Approx.)       | 105,000)        | 140,000)        | 150,000)        |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

5. Renewal and Long-Term Stay Considerations

[]

Renewal Process

Residence permits must be renewed (extended) periodically. Temporary
permits can be renewed annually, while permanent (long-term) and special
residence permits can be renewed every five and ten years, respectively.
The application for renewal must be submitted no later than 30 days
before the expiration of the current permit. In the case of special
permits, it is recommended to apply at least 60 days before the
expiration. If there are family members (dependents), the main applicant
should apply even earlier to allow sufficient time for processing both
their own and their dependents' applications.
Please note that currently, the Immigration Office requires all
appointments to be scheduled in advance through an online booking system
(https://e-request.am/en). The waiting periods for these appointments
may range from a few weeks to even longer, so it is important to
consider this factor when planning for an extension.
The renewal procedure is similar to that of the initial application. For
instance, a business owner would still need to be interviewed by an
immigration officer and show proof of active business operations, among
other requirements (refer to section 3 above for further information).
There are no restrictions on the number of times a residence permit can
be extended, and there is no requirement to spend a particular number of
days in Armenia to extend the residence permit. Moreover, it is possible
to apply for an extension remotely.

[]

Path to Long-term Residency or Citizenship

If you have been living in Armenia permanently for the past three years,
you are eligible to apply for Armenian citizenship. However, the term
"permanent resident" is not clearly defined by the Citizenship Law. In
practice, the police will accept and process a citizenship application
if the applicant has maintained an Armenian residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) during the three-year period.
In addition to the residency requirement, you will need to pass a test
on your knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. This is a
multiple-choice test with 33 questions, and you only need to answer 17
of them correctly to pass. The test is administered in Armenian, and you
will be asked to fill out a biographic form in Armenian as well. This
means that you may need to spend some time (perhaps a couple of months)
learning basic Armenian.
It is important to note that meeting the above requirements does not
guarantee that your citizenship application will be approved. If your
application is rejected, you can reapply after one year. Additionally,
if your application is rejected, you can appeal the decision in court.
However, administrative court proceedings are likely to take up to one
year or even longer.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2022.06.08 RBI (Digital Nomad Form)

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Register as a taxpayer in Armenia

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

Medical & dental plans

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Purchasing a house or an apartment

Investing in land

Making a bank deposit

Investing in a business or a franchise

Hiring workers in Armenia

Investing in precious objects

Living in Armenia

Learning the Armenian language

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

6. Living in Armenia

[]

Community and Networking

Vibrant expatriate groups such as the Armenian Repatriates Network and
Expats in Republic of Armenia provide excellent resources for networking
and integration.

[]

Renting or Buying Property

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth. From April 2023 to March 2024, average prices per square meter
in the city center rose from $2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual
increase. This steady upward trend is part of a larger surge observed
over the last decade, where prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073
in 2023, totaling a 103% increase. This growth was particularly marked
by a dramatic 42.4% rise from 2021 to 2022.
The process of purchasing a property in Armenia is efficient and quick,
with the country ranking 13th out of 190 countries on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index. It is even possible to buy properties
remotely without visiting the country.
Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes, and capital gains on the
sale of real property by an individual are generally not taxed. Property
tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which is normally
significantly lower than the market value. Stamp duties are not
applicable, and only small official fees are paid, which do not depend
on the value of the property. Rental income up to 60 million Armenian
drams (approximately $155,000) per year is taxed at 10%, and rental
income exceeding that amount is taxed at 20%.
Foreigners can own 100% of real estate in Armenia, and they have the
same rights as locals to acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, and
otherwise dispose of their property. There is no need for foreigners to
have a residence permit or any other links to Armenia. Overall, the real
estate market in Armenia offers great opportunities for foreign
investors seeking to diversify their portfolio and take advantage of a
growing economy.
You might want to consider buying off-plan property from real estate
developers and see non-taxable capital gains of 20-30% after the
construction is completed. There are many construction projects to
choose from, and you can find more information on websites such
as ArmEconomBank, ACBA Bank, Inecobank, Ameriabank, Red Invest Group,
and Construction.am.

[]

Banking and Financial Services

Armenia has a well-established banking system, with 18 privately owned
banks regulated by the Central Bank. Among them, HSBC is an
international bank, while many local banks have foreign capital from
countries such as Russia (VTB), France (ACBA), Lebanon (Byblos, ID),
Argentina (Converse), Iran (Mellat), and others. Armenian banks offer
modern banking services, including online and mobile banking, debit and
credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx), accounts in various currencies
(USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY), gold metal accounts, wealth
management, private banking, and safety deposit boxes. They also have
low charges, strong privacy, and high-quality customer service.

[]

Healthcare and Insurance

In Armenia, individuals are not required by law to have health
insurance. However, all six licensed insurance companies offer health
insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300 to $600 per
person. These companies are SIL Insurance, Liga Insurance, Nairi
Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Reso, and Armenia Insurance.

[]

Company Registration

Setting up an LLC in Armenia is a quick and uncomplicated process, which
can be completed entirely remotely. There are no limitations on foreign
ownership or management of companies, no minimum investment
requirements, and no renewal fees to worry about. Shareholders are
afforded limited liability and can utilize the LLC structure for
purposes of asset protection or tax optimization. Armenia also boasts
favorable tax regulations for small businesses, with many being
completely exempt from taxes. Furthermore, IT companies can benefit from
special tax incentives.
Benefits: Registering an LLC in Armenia has several advantages,
including:

-   Fast registration process (typically within a couple of days)
-   Shareholders enjoy limited liability
-   Minimal documentation requirements (only passports are needed)
-   No restrictions on foreign ownership or directorship
-   No minimum capital requirements
-   No need to engage local partners, agents, managers, secretaries,
    etc.
-   Permanent existence with no renewal fees
-   Bank accounts available in various currencies
-   No restrictions on repatriation of profits and capital

For more information, please see the page on incorporation.
Taxation: Armenia offers favorable tax rates for small businesses. Many
types of businesses with annual sales below AMD 24 million (equivalent
to around $62,000 as of March 2023) are exempt from income tax. Other
businesses with annual sales below AMD 115 million (around $297,000) are
also exempt from income tax but are subject to a sales tax (turnover
tax) of 5% or less. Newly registered IT companies and firms operating in
free economic zones, industrial zones, and certain border towns and
villages are also eligible for tax exemptions.
An LLC registered in Armenia is considered a tax resident of Armenia and
is taxed on its worldwide income. Tax rates are generally the same
regardless of whether income comes from Armenia or another country.
Asset Protection: An Armenian LLC can be used as a holding company for
assets. Setting up a tax-exempt "microbusiness" LLC can be advantageous
for receiving passive income, such as dividends, of up to AMD 24 million
(around $62,000) annually. Additionally, income from the sale of
financial assets is not subject to taxation, regardless of the amount.
However, it is important to avoid being classified as an "investment
company," which requires licensing.
While it is possible to use an LLC to own real estate in Armenia or
other countries, Armenian tax laws generally make it more beneficial to
own such property as an individual to avoid capital gains tax on sales
between individuals.
Armenian law does not recognize trusts, so assets are typically held
through an LLC or other corporate structures such as a joint-stock
company, foundation, or consumer cooperative. Nominee and corporate
shareholders and directors are allowed, but companies must file annual
statements disclosing the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO).

[]

Marriage Registration

Foreigners can get married in Armenia without any requirement to live or
have ties to the country. The registration process is typically quick
and can be completed in as little as two business days. However, both
individuals need to provide a "non-marriage" certificate from their
country of permanent residence to confirm their marital status. If a
non-marriage certificate cannot be obtained, an affidavit may be used
instead. These documents must be legalized, either by Apostille or
consular legalization, and translated into Armenian before they can be
submitted to the Armenian Ministry of Justice. Remote registration with
a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

Driving License

Obtaining an Armenian driving license is a two-step process that
involves taking a computer-based driving theory test and a practical
driving test. The theory test questions are available in Armenian,
Russian, English, Arabic, and Farsi. There are a total of 1,116
questions, and the test consists of 20 questions with only two incorrect
answers allowed. To register for the test, you can visit the
website roadpolice.am and wait for notification about the time and place
of the test. If you pass the theory test, you will be allowed to take
the driving test immediately. In addition, it is possible to exchange
your foreign driving license for an Armenian one if your license is
issued by a country that is party to the 1968 Vienna Convention.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Real Estate Acquisition in Armenia 

Armenia presents a compelling destination for investors and individuals
seeking to reside in the country. Its appeal lies in its economic
growth, rich cultural heritage, natural beauty, distinctive cuisine, low
taxation, safety, and the increasing value of properties in central
Yerevan. Moreover, Armenia permits foreigners to own real estate with
potential investment opportunities and tax advantages. The country's low
crime rate and the absence of taxes on real estate transactions, capital
gains, gifts, or inheritances enhance its attractiveness. Real estate
investments may also lead to immigration benefits, such as residence
permits and potentially citizenship.
Nonetheless, considering real estate investments in Armenia requires
careful planning and due diligence. Engaging a local lawyer with
expertise in the field can be invaluable. They can assist with
navigating the intricacies of the investment process, reviewing and
preparing necessary documents, facilitating payments, and ensuring
proper registrations.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Real Estate Acquisition in Armenia

1

Foreign Ownership of Real Estate

Examine how to own real estate in Armenia as a foreigner as well as the
available ownership structures.

[]

learn more

2

Real Estate Acquisition Process

Investigate the procedural aspects  for real estate acquisition,
encompassing payment methods, registration steps, as well as fees.

[]

learn more

3

Considerations for Property Acquisition

Explore the tips for property acquisition as well as property prices in
Armenia on our dedicated section.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

Real Estate 2018.11.27

I will consider investing in:

Apartment

House

Rental property

Commercial property, including hotels, hostels, apartelles

Vacation property

Property qualifying for residence

Agricultural land

Commercial or residential development land

OtherOther

I will consider investing in:

Existing properties

New build properties

OtherOther

How many bedrooms? 12345+

There is a particular location I prefer:

No

YesYes

I plan to make the investment by the following date:

I expect the following annual returns on investment (rental income +
appreciation):

5% and less

6-8%

9-12%

13-20%

more than 20%

OtherOther

Joint ownership:

I want to be the 100% owner of the property

I will consider owning the property in shares with other investors

OtherOther

I plan to make an investment in the following range (in US$):

My name is:

My email address is: *

My citizenship is: AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Questions and comments:

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Property Prices

Apartments in the central district of Yerevan (average price for one
sq.m.). Source: official website of the Cadastre Committee. AMD/USD
conversion according to the rates published by the Central Bank.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Last 12 Months        |                       |                       |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Month                 | Price                 | Change                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Mar 24                | $2,295                | +2.6%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Feb 24                | $2,236                | +0.3%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Jan 24                | $2,229                | +0.3%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Dec 23                | $2,221                | +0.04%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Nov 23                | $2,220                | +0.01%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Oct 23                | $2,198                | -0.09%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sep 23                | $2,200                | +0.01%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Aug 23                | $2,176                | +1.1%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Jul 23                | $2,158                | +0.8%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Jun 23                | $2,138                | +0.9%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| May 23                | $2,111                | +1,28%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Apr 23                | $2,102                | +0,4%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change in 12 Months   |                       | +9,2%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Last 12 Years         |                       |                       |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Year                  | Price                 | Change                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2023                  | $2,073                | +10,5%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2022                  | $1,877                | +42,4%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2021                  | $1,318                | +6.8%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2020                  | $1,234                | -2.5%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2019                  | $1,266                | +15.7%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2018                  | $1,094                | +18.8%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2017                  | $921                  | +4%                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2016                  | $885                  | 0%                    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2015                  | $885                  | -1.8%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2014                  | $901                  | -14.4%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2013                  | $1,053                | +3.1%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| 2012                  | $1,021                | -10.8%                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change in 12 Years    |                       | +103%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth, with a notable increase in the last year. From April 2023 to
March 2024, average prices per square meter in the city center rose from
$2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual increase. This steady upward
trend is part of a larger surge observed over the last decade, where
prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073 in 2023, totaling a 103%
increase. This growth was particularly marked by a dramatic 42.4% rise
from 2021 to 2022.

Key factors for recent price increases:

1. Growing Economy: Armenia's GDP grew by 8․7% in 2023.

2. Lower Mortgage Rates: Interest rates dropped from 18% to around 10.5%
and are expected to decrease further.

3. Rising Rental Demand: Tourism and urbanization drove higher demand
for rental properties.

4. Shift from Bank Deposits: Real estate became a more attractive
investment due to declining deposit interest rates.

5. Limited New Construction: Central Yerevan experienced limited new
dwelling construction.

[]

Foreign Ownership of Real Estate

Foreigners enjoy unrestricted ownership rights when it comes to real
estate in Armenia. They have the full spectrum of privileges, including
acquisition, retention, leasing, sale, inheritance, and other
property-related activities, on an equal footing with local residents.
Remarkably, there's no obligation for foreigners to secure a residence
permit or demonstrate any specific ties to Armenia.
Moreover, investing in real estate can open doors to securing a
temporary or permanent residence permit in Armenia, enhancing the appeal
of property investment for foreign individuals. However, it's important
to note that there is a unique restriction on foreign ownership that
applies solely to agricultural land. To navigate this restriction,
foreign investors may need to establish a legal entity and acquire
agricultural land under the entity's name.
Alternatively, foreign individuals with special residency status in
Armenia are permitted to directly own agricultural land.

[]

Ownership Structure

Sole Ownership

Regardless of your marital status, you have the option to purchase
property in Armenia under your sole name. In many countries, marital
laws dictate that assets acquired during marriage are jointly owned by
both spouses, regardless of the purchaser. Armenia follows a similar
approach. In the case of a married couple, civil law treats the property
as if it were jointly owned equally (50-50), unless the marriage
contract specifies otherwise. Thus, your spouse is considered a co-owner
of the property, even if their name is not on the purchase agreement.

Armenian law does not recognize "common-law marriages." If you cohabit
without marriage, your partner does not automatically gain permanent
occupation or ownership rights. Without a will, your partner also has no
inheritance rights.

If a single person in Armenia buys property and subsequently marries,
they can enter into a marriage contract to outline how the property is
handled within the terms of the contract.

Joint Ownership

Joint ownership arises when property is purchased by two or more
individuals, each holding a stake in the property based on their agreed
terms. For couples, this typically involves equal shares, but with more
purchasers, it can be proportional to their financial contributions,
e.g., 70% / 20% / 10%. In common law, this is similar to a 'tenancy in
common.'

All property owners have the right to participate in decisions related
to the property. The law requires unanimous decisions regarding the
property. Any owner or group of owners can request the sale of the
property, unless shares can be physically separated or other owners are
willing to buy those shares. If no agreement is reached, a court order
may be necessary to authorize the property's sale.

Owners can also sell or gift their share of the property. In the case of
a sale, they must offer existing owners a right of first refusal, which
does not apply to gifts or inheritances. Other owners have one month to
exercise their preemption rights.

Company Ownership

Property in Armenia can be purchased through a local or foreign limited
company with distinct legal identity from its shareholders. Reasons for
this approach include:

-   Allowing multiple individuals to purchase the property.
-   Ensuring stability and continuity in family property ownership and
    management.
-   Simplifying property transfer and ownership.
-   Mitigating constraints of inheritance laws.
-   Creating potential tax advantages.
-   Protecting the family home from business creditors.

However, it's essential to be aware of potential tax disadvantages,
particularly related to withholding taxes and capital gains tax, when
using this ownership structure.

[]

Real Estate Acquisition Process

[]

BENEFITS OF PROPERTY ACQUISITION IN ARMENIA

1. 100% Foreign Ownership

Armenia welcomes foreign investors with open arms, allowing them to have
complete ownership of real estate properties. Whether you want to
acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, or otherwise manage your property,
you enjoy the same rights as local residents. There's no need for a
residence permit or any specific ties to Armenia. Even agricultural land
can be owned through a legal entity.

2. High Appreciation Rates

Investors in central Yerevan witnessed a remarkable increase in property
values, with a notable 34.5% surge in 2018-2019. This uptrend is
attributed to a growing economy and declining mortgage rates, making it
a lucrative market for potential appreciation.

3. High Rental Yield

Armenia's flourishing tourism industry is driving strong demand for
rental properties. This sector's vitality translates into attractive
rental yields for property owners.

4. Fast & Secure Registration

Streamlined processes make buying property in Armenia exceptionally
efficient. The country ranks 13th out of 190 nations on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index, signifying both the speed and reliability
of its property registration system. Notably, it is even possible to
purchase properties remotely without visiting Armenia.

5. No Gift or Inheritance Taxes

Armenia stands out as a tax-friendly destination. It imposes no gift or
estate taxes, offering investors more flexibility in managing their
assets.

6. No Tax on Capital Gains

Individuals selling real property in Armenia typically enjoy tax
exemptions on capital gains, further enhancing the attractiveness of
property investments.

7. Low Property Taxes

Property taxes in Armenia are notably reasonable, typically ranging from
0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which tends to be lower than market
prices.

8. No Stamp Duties

Unlike many other countries, Armenia imposes no stamp duties on property
transactions. Only modest official fees are applicable, unrelated to the
property's value.

9. Residency & Citizenship Opportunities

Armenia extends residency options, including temporary and permanent
residency, along with special programs designed for foreign
businesspeople. Additionally, investors in real estate may qualify for
citizenship-by-exception, making Armenia an enticing destination for
those seeking immigration benefits.

Vineyards & Orchards

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard of 8,300 sq. m. (2.05    | []                                |
| ac)  located in Vedi, Ararat      |                                   |
| valley, with a beautiful view of  |                                   |
| mount Ararat. $19,000.            |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard and a small apricot      | []                                |
| orchard of 8,045 sq. m. (1.99 ac) |                                   |
| in Lenughi village, Armavir       |                                   |
| province (Ararat Valley), near    |                                   |
| the famous Sardarapat Memorial.   |                                   |
| $22,000.                          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

[]

PAYMENT METHODS

1. Direct Bank Transfer

Payment via direct bank transfer is akin to cash transactions in terms
of risk for both parties. It's generally not recommended unless done
after ownership rights are officially registered.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Secure payment through a bank

-   []

    Charges and fees may be minimized if both the seller and the buyer
    open accounts with the same bank

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    Legal risks are the same as with a cash payment

-   []

    Payment possible only in local currency

-   []

    Bank may charge fees for currency conversion, transfer, cashing out
    the funds etc.

2. Bank Escrow Agreement

A bank escrow agreement involves three parties: the seller, the buyer,
and the escrow agent (a bank). The buyer opens an escrow account and
deposits the purchase amount. Once deposited, the funds are locked for a
predetermined period, such as 20 days. The seller gains access to the
funds only upon presenting proof of the buyer's registered ownership,
like an ownership certificate, to the bank. Failure to provide this
proof within the specified time allows the buyer to reclaim the funds.

Escrow accounts are commonly used in transactions involving mortgaged
property, as mortgage-holding banks often require funds to be deposited
in escrow before approving the sale.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Secure payment through a bank

-   []

    Additional layer of protection offered by the escrow agent (bank)

-   []

    Minimal risks for both the buyer and the seller

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    Bank will charge fees for opening the escrow account

-   []

    Bank will charge fees for currency conversion, transfer, cashing out
    the funds etc.

-   []

    Payment possible only in local currency

-   []

    Sellers are often not familiar with escrow accounts and are
    skeptical about them

3. Safety Deposit Box

In this method, the buyer deposits cash into a safety deposit box,
typically under the supervision of a trusted professional, like a lawyer
or realtor, who acts as an escrow agent. The seller gains access to the
deposit box once the new ownership is officially registered. If
registration doesn't occur within the agreed timeframe (e.g., 20 days),
the lawyer or realtor returns the funds to the buyer. The added benefit
is that the safety deposit box is usually located in a bank, which can
assist in counting the money and verifying its authenticity.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Minimal risks for both the buyer and the seller

-   []

    Additional layer of protection offered by the lawyer/realtor

-   []

    Charges for renting a safety deposit box are lower compared to bank
    transfer

-   []

    No control over use of foreign currency

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    Difficulties with cashing out large amounts

-   []

    Bank may charge fees for counting/verifying notes

-   []

    Risks of fraud by the lawyer/realtor

Direct payments via bank transfer are generally discouraged unless
conducted after ownership rights are legally registered. To minimize
risks for both buyers and sellers, opting for an escrow account or a
bank safety deposit box is recommended. These methods provide security
and ensure that funds are only released when the required ownership
documentation is in place, safeguarding the interests of all parties
involved in the real estate transaction.

[]

APPRAISAL AND SURVEY

Foreign buyers in Armenia should be cautious to avoid overpaying for
real estate. To make informed decisions, consider the following
recommendations:

1. Valuation Reports

A valuation report is an invaluable tool for understanding the correct
price to pay for a property, especially if it requires renovations.
Numerous licensed agencies in Armenia employ qualified staff to conduct
property appraisals. While not a substitute for a survey report, an
appraisal can still assess wear and tear, potentially offering insights
into the property's condition. Appraisals are typically based on:

-   Sales Comparison Approach: Evaluating selling prices of similar
    properties.
-   Cost Approach: Estimating the cost of purchasing similar land and
    constructing a comparable building.
-   Income Approach: Assessing expected annual rental income.

2. Building Surveys

Armenian law does not mandate sellers to commission surveys. However, it
is advisable for buyers to consider this option. Although there is no
specific building surveying profession in Armenia, you can engage a
local architect, engineer, or skilled builder (electrician, plumber,
etc.) to perform this task. A comprehensive survey can help minimize
risks associated with property purchases and serve as a valuable
negotiation tool.

3. Property Measurement

It's prudent to measure the property, particularly land, independently.
Cadastral documents may not always provide entirely accurate area
measurements, and property boundaries may lack clarity. By verifying
these details, buyers can ensure they have a precise understanding of
the property they intend to purchase, avoiding potential boundary
disputes and other complications.

[]

ESTABLISHING GOOD TITLE

The clean title certificate, known as "միասնական տեղեկանք" in Armenian,
is a crucial document issued by the Cadastre. It provides a
comprehensive overview of a property's registered ownership and details
various rights and encumbrances associated with it, which may include
liens, mortgages, tenancies, easements, and more. In many cases, this
certificate is the primary document relied upon by buyers during the due
diligence process.
Notably, the clean title certificate holds validity for 15 business
days. Within this timeframe, any necessary agreements, whether
preliminary or final, must be executed. If the 15-day period expires, it
becomes necessary to obtain a new certificate. Any party involved in the
transaction, be it the seller, buyer, or another interested party, can
submit an application for a clean title certificate.
However, it's important to note that certain interests related to the
property, such as easements or rights of heirs, may not always be
entirely verified by the clean title certificate. There could be
individuals with prior acquisition rights or preemption rights
concerning the property sale. Additionally, unauthorized alterations or
additions to the property may not have been declared to the planning
authority, posing potential challenges.
For properties designated for construction, the certificate merely
confirms that the land is zoned for such purposes. Obtaining full
planning consent, often in the form of a building permit, is a
subsequent step required to legally proceed with construction on the
land.

[]

OFFER TO BUY

In Armenia, it's important to be aware that verbal offers or agreements
to buy or sell real property hold no validity and cannot be enforced.
Even a written agreement lacks enforceability unless it has been
authenticated by a notary or a Cadastre official. Therefore, the
standard contract forms typically used by real estate agencies are not
legally binding. Consequently, it is not advisable to make any payments,
such as a deposit, at this preliminary stage.
However, it can be beneficial to prepare a formal written offer to
demonstrate your serious intent and to clarify the terms of the sale.
This written offer can outline key details, including the payment
structure, the earnest money deposit amount, the seller's
responsibilities regarding outstanding utility bills and taxes,
transaction costs, contingencies, and other relevant terms. Essentially,
this written offer can take the form of a draft preliminary agreement,
providing a clear framework for the eventual purchase agreement. While
the written offer itself may not be legally binding, it serves as a
crucial step in the negotiation process and helps establish mutual
understanding between the parties involved in the real estate
transaction.

[]

PRELIMINARY AGREEMENT

A preliminary agreement in Armenia serves as a significant step in the
process of buying or selling real estate. Here are some key points to
understand about preliminary agreements:

1.  Purpose and Function: A preliminary agreement does not transfer
    property ownership but outlines a future date or period for the
    property transfer. It may include conditions (contingencies) that
    must be met before the final closing of the sale. While signing a
    preliminary agreement is not mandatory, it can be beneficial in
    securing a legally binding agreement, especially if you are not
    ready to close the sale immediately.

2.  Importance of Clarity: A preliminary agreement ensures that all
    parties involved in the transaction agree on the terms of the deal,
    helping everyone stay "on the same page."

3.  Contingencies: A preliminary agreement may become necessary when the
    final sale depends on certain contingencies, such as securing
    financing, clearing property liens, conducting appraisals, or
    obtaining specific permits or documents.

4.  Notarization: To be legally enforceable, a preliminary agreement
    must be notarized.

5.  Filing with the Cadastre: While preliminary agreements are generally
    not formally registered, it is advisable to file a copy with the
    Cadastre. This can help minimize the risk of the seller breaching
    the contract by selling the property to a third party.

6.  Deposit Payment: Typically, the buyer pays a deposit to the seller
    at this stage. The specific amount is subject to agreement between
    the parties.

7.  Binding Nature: A preliminary agreement is mutually binding once
    validly signed. Neither party can walk away from the deal unless one
    or more of the specified contingencies are not met. Defaulting on
    the agreement may result in various legal remedies, including
    forfeiture of the deposit. Sellers may be required to pay a penalty,
    often double the deposit amount, for default. In some cases, a court
    may enforce specific performance to compel both parties to complete
    the property transfer as per the agreement.

[]

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (DEED OF SALE)

In Armenia, the final sale and purchase agreement holds significant
legal weight and must be executed in the presence of a notary. Here are
important details to consider:

1.  Notary's Role: The notary's presence is essential to validate the
    agreement. Basic agreements may be authenticated directly by a
    cadastral officer, but a notary becomes necessary for customized
    agreements or when one of the parties does not speak Armenian.

2.  Notary's Obligations: The notary is legally obligated to provide you
    with information about the nature and implications of the agreement
    you're signing. They will also need to verify the identity of the
    parties involved and ensure their legal capacity for the
    transaction. This often involves checking the passports (and
    possibly marriage certificates) of all signatories.

3.  Guardianship Considerations: If the seller is a minor, elderly, or
    handicapped and under the protection of a guardian, the approval of
    the guardian will be required before concluding the sale. If the
    seller is married, the notary will also seek confirmation that the
    spouse consents to the sale.

4.  Notary Agreement Templates: Each notary may have their own agreement
    template, and the level of detail can vary. It's crucial to ensure
    that all important clauses are included in the agreement. Typically,
    agreements are in the Armenian language, and verbal translation
    services are provided for a fee.

5.  Final and Comprehensive Agreement: The sale and purchase contract
    should be comprehensive because parties have only 30 days to
    register it at the Cadastre. If there are conditions that still need
    to be fulfilled, it's advisable to sign a preliminary agreement.
    Armenian law does not have "cooling-off" rules, so once signed, the
    agreement is effective and cannot be withdrawn from.

6.  Inventory and Property Inspection: If the purchase includes fixtures
    or fittings, consider preparing an inventory. If possible, visit the
    property a day before signing the agreement to ensure everything is
    as expected, especially if certain fixtures and fittings are part of
    the sale. Also, check that you will get vacant possession of the
    property unless the agreement specifies otherwise.

7.  Power of Attorney: If you cannot be physically present in Armenia
    for the agreement signing, you can grant a relative, friend, or
    lawyer a power of attorney to sign on your behalf.

[]

REGISTRATION

In Armenia, after the final sale and purchase agreement is executed, the
buyer has a critical 30-business-day window to register their ownership
rights with the Cadastre. It's essential to adhere to this timeframe, as
failing to register within the specified period will invalidate the sale
and purchase agreement. Here's what you need to know about the
registration process:

1.  Documentation Required: To initiate the registration process, the
    buyer must provide an original copy of the sale and purchase
    agreement along with a notarized translation of their passport. If
    the registration is handled through a lawyer or another
    representative, a notarized power of attorney will also be
    necessary.
2.  Registration Timeframe: The duration of the registration process can
    vary from a few hours to a few days, depending on whether you opt to
    pay for fast-track service fees.
3.  Ownership Certificate: Once the registration is completed, you will
    receive an ownership certificate. This certificate contains basic
    details about the property and the new owner.
4.  Utility Services Update: Subsequently, you should present the
    ownership certificate to public utility services (such as
    electricity, gas, and phone providers). This step ensures that they
    update their records to reflect the change in ownership and prepare
    new service agreements in your name.

[]

FEES AND TAXES

Notary & Registration Fees: By convention, the buyer typically covers
notary fees and official registration fees, which can range from $200 to
$600. These fees are fixed and do not depend on the property's value.
Fast-track services are available for an extra cost.

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Service     | Regular Fee | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  |
|             |             | (Same Day)  | (Next Day)  | (Three      |
|             |             |             |             | Days)       |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Notary Fee  | US$21-31    | N/A         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| N           | US$10       | N/A         |             |             |
| otarization |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Clean Title | US$21       | US$125      | US$ 41      | N/A         |
| Certificate |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Ownership   | US$52       | US$313      | US$156      | US$105      |
| R           |             |             |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| R           | US$41       | N/A         |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Capital Gains Tax: Transfers of residential property between individuals
are usually exempt from capital gains tax, provided both the buyer and
seller are individuals (not registered as private entrepreneurs). In
such cases, the tax rate on capital gains from residential property
sales is 0%. However, if the buyer is a legal entity or a private
entrepreneur, a 10% withholding tax may apply to the entire transaction
amount.

Sales Tax for Developers: Individual real estate developers are subject
to a 20% sales tax, calculated based on the selling price of the
properties they develop.

Real Estate (Property) Tax: Property owners must pay an annual real
estate tax. Tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, often
lower than the market value. Property tax amounts can be checked on the
Cadastre's website. Recent regulations require sellers to obtain a
certificate confirming the absence of tax liabilities from the local
municipality before registering the sale.

Rental Income Tax: Rental income below 60 million Armenian drams
(approximately US$140,000) per year is taxed at a rate of 10%. Income
exceeding this threshold faces a 20% tax rate.

Effective December 1, 2023, an amendment to the Tax Code of the Republic
of Armenia has been enacted. According to this amendment, failure to
declare and remit taxes for the rental of real estate will result in a
fine for the lessor. The fine is set at 5 percent of the cadastral value
of the property, assessed in accordance with the law and approximated to
the market value, with a cap at AMD 500,000. In the event of a repeated
violation within one year of the initial penalty, a subsequent fine will
be imposed at 10 percent of the cadastral value of the immovable
property, again estimated in accordance with the law and approximated to
the market value, but not exceeding one million drams.

Stamp Duty, Inheritance & Gifts Taxes: Armenia does not impose stamp
duties, gifts, or inheritance taxes.

Communal Charges: Property owners, especially in apartment complexes,
are responsible for maintenance and service charges, which vary based on
property size, quality, and available amenities, such as lifts, pools,
gardens, and other facilities.

[]

MORTGAGE, BANKING & INSURANCE

The possibility of financing your property purchase with a mortgage in
Armenia hinges on several factors: your nationality, your current
country of residence, and the source of your income. Some banks
exclusively cater to Armenian nationals or residents. Typically, you'll
be required to provide a deposit, which can range from 10% to 30% of the
property's purchase price, depending on the lender's policies. Mortgage
terms can extend up to 30 years, affording flexibility in repayment.
Interest rates in Armenia typically average around 10-13% for loans in
the local currency and 8-10% for loans in US dollars.
If you need information about opening bank accounts, please click here.
Regarding property insurance, you can anticipate annual costs ranging
from 0.1% to 1% of your property's value.

[]

CURRENCY EXCHANGE & ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING REGULATIONS

Armenian laws mandate that real property buyers make payments in the
local currency, Armenian drams. If the transaction is conducted through
a bank, it is the responsibility of the bank to ensure compliance with
these regulations.
Currency exchange services are readily available through banks, other
credit institutions, and currency exchange offices.
It's important to note that there are no restrictions on transferring
foreign currency to or from Armenia.
However, when the transaction amount surpasses 50 million drams
(approximately US$105,000), any excess payment must be executed via a
bank transfer.

[]

Considerations for Property Acquisition

When purchasing real estate in Armenia, it's generally a safe process,
but taking specific precautions is advisable:

Marital Status: Be aware of the seller's marital status. If married or
divorced, the spouse's consent may be necessary for the sale. Even if
the property was not acquired during marriage, the spouse or ex-spouse
could claim contributions to property improvements. Armenia does not
recognize common law marriages, but marriages from foreign countries may
pose complications.

Gifts & Inheritance: Investigate whether the property was inherited or
received as a gift. Other family members may contest wills or gifts,
potentially affecting the sale. If children are involved, the
transaction may need approval from the guardianship authority to ensure
it's in the child's best interest.

Capacity to Contract: Pay attention to the seller's behavior. Armenian
law allows courts to declare people with mental disabilities as
incapable. Those addicted to drugs, alcohol, or gambling may have
limited capacity, and agreements with them could be contested. Checking
court records or obtaining a certificate of mental health may be
prudent.

Insolvency: If the seller appears to be in financial distress and sells
below market value, they might be declared bankrupt soon after the sale.
A bankruptcy trustee could challenge the sale within three years. Ensure
the likelihood of bankruptcy is low when purchasing property at a
discount.

Encumbrances and Litigation: While the Cadastre issues a clean title
certificate confirming no mortgages or encumbrances, verify whether the
seller is involved in any property-related litigation before signing the
sale agreement.

Preceding Transactions: Examine the property's history for any
suspicious activities, like frequent transfers within a short period.
Even older transactions can be scrutinized in Armenia, particularly
acquisitions via donations, inheritance, or privatization.

Tax Liabilities and Utility Bills: The seller is obligated to provide a
certificate confirming the absence of tax liabilities from the local
municipality. While new owners are not responsible for prior unpaid
utility bills per law, it might be challenging to establish new
contracts with utility companies if the old bills remain unpaid. Request
statements confirming all utility bills are settled.

Notarization: Consider having the sale contract notarized, even if not
strictly required. Notaries are personally liable for malpractice and
conduct necessary checks, such as consent, valid powers of attorney, and
the seller's mental capacity. Notarization demonstrates good faith if
disputes arise.

Escrow Accounts: Instead of the common practice of cash payments during
the notary's office signing, consider using an escrow account or a
similar tool. This avoids carrying large sums in cash and allows
verification of currency authenticity. Escrow accounts incur additional
bank charges and currency conversion costs, but they can provide
security and transparency in the transaction process. Refer to "Payment
Methods" for more details.

[]

INHERITANCE

In cases where there is no will, Armenian inheritance laws establish a
specific order of inheritance:

1.  Spouse, children, and parents: These individuals take precedence in
    inheriting the estate.

2.  Brothers and sisters (and their descendants): If no spouse,
    children, or parents exist, the next in line for inheritance are
    siblings and their descendants.

3.  Grandparents: In the absence of the above categories, grandparents
    become eligible inheritors.

4.  Uncles and aunts (and their descendants): If none of the preceding
    categories apply, uncles, aunts, and their descendants are
    considered for inheritance.

Each order of inheritors excludes those in other orders, and individuals
within the same order share the inheritance equally. In cases where the
estate owner leaves behind a surviving spouse, two parents, and two
children, each would inherit 1/5 of the estate. It is possible to
enhance the rights of the surviving spouse or children through
inheritance planning.

Spouse: Armenian inheritance law does not offer specific protection to
the surviving spouse. However, typically, the surviving spouse retains
ownership of at least 50% of jointly held assets. Unregistered marriages
may not grant inheritance rights.

Children: Children, regardless of whether they were born within or
outside of marriage, have equal inheritance rights. Adopted children
enjoy the same rights as natural children but cannot inherit from their
biological parents. Grandchildren inherit only if one of the deceased's
children is deceased, in which case they step into their parent's place.

Testamentary Freedom: Under Armenian law, you have the freedom to
dispose of your estate as you wish through a notarized will or gift.
However, certain conditions, such as age restrictions or disabilities,
may allow your spouse, children, or parents to claim 50% of the
property's value in the absence of a will.

Inheritance Planning: To exert control over your estate upon your death,
consider inheritance planning methods, including increasing an heir's
share through a will, making lifetime gifts, purchasing property through
a limited company, or obtaining a life insurance policy.

Taxes: Armenia does not impose taxes on inheritance or gifts. However,
property disposition may be subject to taxation in the heir's tax
residence country unless a double tax treaty exists between Armenia and
that country.

Accepting the Inheritance: Heirs have a 6-month window following the
death to accept the inheritance through a notarized declaration. The
notary oversees beneficiary lists, verifies the existence of a will,
divides the estate, and issues inheritance certificates to the
inheritors.

Executor: You can appoint an executor, such as a lawyer, to manage the
estate. The executor's responsibilities include maintaining and managing
the estate, debt collection, legal representation, ensuring compliance
with the will, and liaising with the notary, among other tasks.

[]

PROPERTY SEARCH

Listings

Property listings in Armenia can be easily found on websites
like estate.am, myrealty.am, bnakaran.com, and list.am. These platforms
offer valuable insights into available properties and their prices,
allowing you to get a preliminary understanding before embarking on your
search.

Before diving into the property hunt, it's beneficial to have a clear
idea of what you're looking for, whether it's a primary residence, a
vacation home, a rental property, or an investment opportunity, as well
as the preferred location, be it in a city or the countryside.

Agents/Brokers

In Armenia, it's customary for agents to charge a commission fee of 2%
to both the seller and the buyer, totaling 4% of the transaction's
value. The buyer typically covers their portion of the commission
separately, in addition to the property's purchase price.

List of Real Estate Agents

1.  Akcern

2.  Alex-R

3.  Bars

4.  Elate

5.  Golden House

6.  Kentron

7.  My Street

8.  Revan

9.  Safe House

10. Viva Realty

11. Yerkir

Tips on Selecting Rental Property in Yerevan

Location: When searching for rental properties, your focus in Yerevan
should center on central areas, particularly within the vicinity formed
by Moskovyan, Khanjyan, Khorenatsi, and Saryan streets. This area
consistently sees demand, especially during the high tourist season from
April to October. Many property owners prefer short-term rentals to
tourists during this period and long-term rentals for the rest of the
year (November to March). However, some experts advise avoiding the
"Glendale Hills" neighborhood on Argishti Street despite its proximity
to Republic Square.

Building: Most apartments in Yerevan are found in low-cost,
concrete-paneled high-rise buildings or lower-quality stone buildings
known as "Khrushchyovkas," built between the 1960s and 1980s. These are
generally not recommended for investors. Instead, you have two options:
"Stalinkas," built between the 1930s and 1950s, and newer buildings
constructed after Armenia's economic recovery in the 2000s. "Stalinkas"
are typically more affordable but may lack elevators and proper
maintenance of common areas due to their age, making them less
attractive to buyers. Newer buildings vary widely in quality, with some
developers being more reputable than others. Prices can significantly
differ between neighboring buildings.

Apartment: Ground floor and top-floor apartments are usually sold at a
discount. Ground floor units are often avoided due to security concerns,
lack of privacy, noise, and potential humidity from the basement.
Top-floor apartments, especially in older buildings, may be less popular
due to the risk of roof leaks, excessive summer heat, and difficulties
in access without an elevator. Many older buildings have additional
superstructure floors, which are best avoided. North-facing apartments
may lack natural light, while those with large south-facing windows can
present the opposite problem.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Defenses Available in Armenia to a Charge of Trademark Infringement

In trademark infringement cases in Armenia, defendants have various
defenses available to challenge the allegations of infringement. These
defenses can be categorized into four main groups:

1.  Non-Infringement Defenses:

    -   The defendant may argue that no infringement occurred based on
        factors such as dissimilarity between the trademarks,
        non-similar goods or services, differences in channels of trade,
        differences in purchasers, or the weakness of the plaintiff's
        trademark.
    -   The allegedly infringing sign is not used as a trademark.
    -   The defendant may claim that the infringing activities were not
        conducted by them.
    -   The allegedly infringing goods did not enter the market of
        Armenia.

2.  Justification (Affirmative Defenses):

    -   Exhaustion: The defendant may assert that the plaintiff cannot
        prohibit the use of the trademark in relation to goods that have
        been legitimately placed on the market by the owner or with
        their consent.
    -   Non-Action (Acquiescence/Tolerance): The defendant may argue
        that the trademark owner has acquiesced to the use of the
        allegedly infringing trademark for a continuous period of five
        years while being aware of such use, unless the later trademark
        was registered in bad faith.
    -   Fair Use: The defendant may invoke the right to use certain
        indications in business, including the name and address, or
        indications related to product characteristics, in accordance
        with fair use.
    -   Bad Faith: The defendant may assert that the plaintiff
        registered the trademark in bad faith.

3.  Counter-Claims:

    -   Invalidity: The defendant may file a counter-claim arguing that
        the plaintiff's trademark is invalid due to reasons such as
        being descriptive, misleading, or generic, or that it conflicts
        with an earlier right.
    -   Non-Use: The defendant can claim that the plaintiff's trademark
        should be invalidated due to non-use for a certain period
        (usually five years) following registration.
    -   Dilution: The defendant may argue that the plaintiff's trademark
        has become the common name in the trade for a product or
        service, making it subject to revocation.

4.  General Procedural Defenses:

    -   Statute of Limitations: Claims for trademark infringement may be
        subject to a statute of limitations, which typically starts
        running from the time when the plaintiff becomes aware of the
        infringement.
    -   Capacity to Bring Proceedings: Defendants may raise objections
        related to the capacity of the plaintiff to bring proceedings.
    -   Bad Faith of the Plaintiff: Defendants may allege bad faith on
        the part of the plaintiff in initiating the action.
        Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary
        rights for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all
        rights are reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Use of Trademark Before and After Registration in Armenia

1.  Applications for Use or Non-Use: In Armenia, trademark applications
    can be filed for marks that are already in use or for those that are
    not yet in use. Applicants are not required to submit proof of use
    or intent to use the trademark, even during the renewal process.

2.  Exception for Non-Distinctiveness: However, there is an exception
    where proof of use is necessary. To overcome absolute grounds for
    refusal, particularly non-distinctiveness, applicants may need to
    provide evidence that the mark has acquired distinctiveness through
    prior use before the application date.

3.  Priority Claims: Applicants can "claim priority" when filing a
    trademark application in Armenia. This means that if an applicant
    has filed a trademark application in a foreign country that is a
    party to the Paris Convention or the World Trade Organization, they
    can claim priority when filing a corresponding Armenian application.
    The Armenian application will then be considered as if it had been
    filed on the same date as the foreign application, providing the
    applicant with earlier rights. Mere use in a foreign country does
    not grant priority. Additionally, priority can be claimed if the
    trademarked goods or services were displayed at an internationally
    recognized trade show or fair within the last six months.

4.  Five-Year Grace Period: Once a trademark is registered, the owner
    has a five-year grace period during which the trademark cannot be
    contested on the grounds of non-use. After this grace period, any
    party can file a cancellation action based on non-use. To maintain
    the trademark, the owner must provide proof of use or justify
    non-use. Furthermore, if the registered trademark has not been
    effectively used within the five years preceding any claims by the
    owner, the owner cannot assert claims against third parties.

In Armenia, there is flexibility regarding the use of trademarks before
and after registration, with priority claims and a five-year grace
period for non-use considerations.

Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights for
this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Third-party Opposition to Trademark Registration in Armenia

-   Publication and Opposition Period: Once a trademark application is
    accepted, it is published in the Official Journal for a two-month
    opposition period. During this time, interested parties can oppose
    the registration of the trademark. The publication is available
    online on the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency's website.

-   Grounds for Opposition: The most common grounds for opposing a
    trademark registration in Armenia are prior rights. This includes
    situations where the opponent owns an earlier mark that they
    consider identical or similar to the applicant's mark. Opposition
    can also be based on previously filed or registered trademarks, an
    earlier well-known trademark, geographical indications, or another
    earlier sign used in the course of business.

-   Opposition Process: If an opponent decides to challenge a mark, they
    initiate the process by filing a notice of opposition. This filing
    typically incurs an official fee of approximately $25. The
    opposition proceedings involve one or two exchanges of briefs
    between the parties before the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency
    issues the opposition decision.

-   Challenging Registered Trademarks: Even after a trademark has been
    registered, legal action can be taken to challenge it. This can be
    done through procedures known as invalidation and cancellation.
    Anyone can file a cancellation action based on non-use if the
    registered trademark has not been effectively used within five years
    after registration. Additionally, the registration of a trademark
    may be invalidated upon request due to nullity based on absolute
    grounds (e.g., if the trademark is descriptive and non-distinctive).
    In Armenia, a cancellation or invalidation action is heard by a
    court of general jurisdiction in proceedings on the merits. The
    judgment can be subject to appeal with the Court of Appeals.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Classification System in Armenia

-   Classification Requirement: When applying for a trademark in
    Armenia, the applicant is required to provide a list of the specific
    goods and/or services for which the trademark is intended to be
    used.

-   International Classification: Armenia follows an internationally
    recognized system of trademark classification known as the Nice
    International Classification System. This classification system
    includes a total of 45 classes, with 34 classes designated for goods
    and 11 for services. Each class may have different sub-classes for
    more specific categorization.

-   Nice Agreement: Armenia has been a party to the Nice Agreement
    concerning the international classification of goods and services
    for the purposes of trademark registration since March 6, 2005. The
    Nice Agreement is an international treaty that establishes a
    standardized classification system for trademarks, making it easier
    for applicants to specify the goods and services associated with
    their marks.

-   Access to Classification: The current version of the Nice
    International Classification System, available in English, can be
    accessed on the World Intellectual Property Organization's (WIPO)
    website at www.wipo.org. This resource helps applicants and
    trademark professionals accurately classify their goods and services
    when applying for trademark registration in Armenia.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Standing for Bringing Trademark Violation Action in Armenia

In Armenia, the standing to bring a trademark violation action depends
on the specific circumstances and parties involved:

1.  Trademark Owner: The owner of the infringed trademark (or the
    applicant for the trademark) has the standing to bring a trademark
    infringement action.

2.  Licensees: Licensees may bring an infringement action, but their
    ability to do so typically depends on the terms of the license
    agreement. In most cases, licensees require the consent of the
    trademark owner to initiate such actions. However, if the license
    agreement allows, licensees can proceed independently. Exclusive
    licensees, in particular, may proceed independently if the trademark
    owner does not take action within a reasonable period of time after
    receiving a request from the licensee.

3.  Intervention: Licensees also have the option to join an action
    brought by the trademark owner to claim their own damages. This
    intervention does not require the consent of the trademark owner.

4.  Nullity Action: A nullity action against a trademark may be
    initiated not only by the owner of a confusingly similar prior
    trademark but by practically any person.

5.  Criminal Proceedings: In criminal proceedings related to trademark
    infringement, the trademark owner, licensees, and other interested
    parties all have the standing to bring a complaint.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Enforcement Proceedings in Armenia

-   Court Jurisdiction: Trademark enforcement and infringement actions
    in Armenia are handled by the courts of general jurisdiction. There
    are no specialized courts or tribunals specifically designated for
    trademark cases. Appeals against decisions made by these courts may
    be brought before the Court of Appeals and, subsequently, the Court
    of Cassation.

-   Border Measures: Trademark owners who have registered their
    trademarks in Armenia can apply to the Armenian State Revenue
    Committee to retain potentially infringing goods at the country's
    borders. A state fee of approximately $50 is payable along with the
    application. Customs authorities are then responsible for suspending
    the release or detaining the goods if they are suspected of
    infringing trademark rights. The period during which customs
    authorities can take action does not exceed two years but may be
    renewed as long as the trademark is still valid. Trademark owners
    and the declarant or holder of the goods are informed of these
    actions. After receiving this information, a 10-working-day period
    begins during which further steps, such as posting security and
    obtaining a preliminary court injunction to suspend the release of
    the goods by court order, can be initiated.

-   Criminal Sanctions: Armenian law also provides for criminal
    sanctions in cases of trademark infringement. If an unlawful use of
    a trademark results in substantial damages (exceeding approximately
    $500), it is punishable by a fine ranging from approximately $1,200
    to $2,400 or a maximum of three months' arrest (as per Article 197
    of the Criminal Code). Lesser infringements of trademarks may be
    treated as administrative offenses, which can result in fines
    ranging from approximately $250 to $500 (according to Article 158 of
    the Code of Administrative Offenses).

-   Initiating Proceedings: Criminal and administrative proceedings
    related to trademark infringements can be initiated by filing a
    complaint with the Police for criminal matters or with the
    Intellectual Property Agency for administrative offenses.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

What May Be Registered as a Trademark in Armenia

Trademark registration in Armenia covers a wide range of marks that are
used to distinguish goods and services and can be graphically presented.
Here's what can be registered as a trademark in Armenia:

1.  Conventional Trademarks: Trademarks can include elements such as
    letters, numerals, words (including personal and company names),
    building names, word combinations, slogans, logos, pictures,
    drawings, holograms, arrangement of colors, symbols, or combinations
    of these elements.

2.  Non-Traditional Marks: Armenian law extends protection to
    "non-traditional" marks, including:

    -   Shapes of goods or their packaging
    -   Three-dimensional marks
    -   Sounds
    -   Textures
    -   Other non-traditional elements

3.  Service Marks: Service marks used to distinguish services can be
    registered as trademarks.

4.  Jointly-Owned Marks: Multiple parties can jointly own and register a
    trademark.

5.  Collective Marks: Collective marks representing a group or
    association of producers, manufacturers, or service providers can
    also be registered.

However, certain limitations apply:

-   Lack of Distinctiveness: Marks that lack distinctiveness, such as
    descriptive or generic terms, are not eligible for registration.
    This includes signs that describe characteristics like quantity,
    quality, condition, value, place of origin, or other traits of the
    goods or services.

-   Deceptive Marks: Marks that could deceive the public or infringe on
    the rights of third parties, including copyright or industrial
    property rights, cannot be registered.

-   Offensive or Protected Emblems: Offensive marks or those consisting
    of specially protected emblems, like flags or official quality
    control signs, are not eligible for registration.

-   Company Names and Domain Names: It's important to note that what can
    be registered as a trademark may differ from what's acceptable as a
    company name or domain name.

Trademark registration is a valuable form of protection, but applicants
should ensure that their proposed marks meet the criteria outlined in
Armenian trademark law.

Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights for
this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Assignment Documentation for Armenian Trademarks

-   Registration with AIPA: Assignments of trademark rights in Armenia
    must be officially registered with the Armenian Intellectual
    Property Agency (AIPA) to be legally recognized.

-   Written Assignment Document: The assignment must be documented in
    writing. The written assignment document should clearly outline the
    details of the transfer of trademark rights.

-   Assignor's Signature: The assignment document must bear the
    signature of the assignor, who is the previous owner of the
    trademark rights. This signature is essential for the validity of
    the assignment.

-   No Notarization or Legalization: Unlike some countries, Armenian law
    does not require notarization or legalization of the assignment
    document. The written document signed by the assignor is typically
    sufficient.

-   Party Details: The assignment document should clearly identify the
    parties involved, including their names and full addresses. This
    ensures clarity about the identities of the assignor and assignee.

-   Trademark Specification: The document should specify which
    trademarks, including both registrations and applications, are being
    transferred from the assignor to the assignee.

-   Translation into Armenian: To comply with local regulations, the
    assignment document should be translated into Armenian.

-   Power of Attorney for Agents: If the assignment process is handled
    by an agent or representative on behalf of the new owner (assignee),
    the agent may require a power of attorney from the assignee. This
    power of attorney does not typically need notarization or
    legalization.

-   State Fee: A state fee, approximately $150, is typically payable for
    registering the assignment with the AIPA.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Litigation Costs in Armenia

The costs associated with trademark litigation in Armenia can vary
depending on various factors, including the complexity of the case, the
need for expert opinions, translation costs, and whether preliminary
injunctions or provisional remedies are sought. Here is an overview of
the typical costs involved in trademark litigation in Armenia:

1.  Attorneys' Fees: The attorneys' fees for filing and prosecuting a
    trademark infringement action in the court of first instance in
    Armenia can range from $2,000 to $5,000. These fees may vary
    depending on the complexity of the case and the legal counsel
    chosen. Appeal proceedings often involve lower attorneys' fees as
    the subject matter may be more limited.

2.  Court Fees: Court fees are based on the value in dispute and are
    calculated at a rate of 2% for trial courts and 3% for appellate
    courts. These fees need to be advanced to the court and will vary
    depending on the specific circumstances of the case.

3.  Recovery of Attorneys' Fees: At the end of a trademark litigation
    action, the court may award attorneys' fees to the prevailing party.
    However, the amount that can be recovered is typically a percentage
    of the actual costs incurred, often ranging from 30% to 50% of the
    total costs.

4.  Additional Costs: Additional costs may be incurred for expert
    opinions, translation services, marketing reports, market surveys,
    and other case-specific requirements.

5.  Criminal Actions: Trademark infringement cases prosecuted under
    criminal law may involve lower costs compared to civil actions
    because government authorities conduct investigations. However,
    legal counsel may still be needed for various aspects of the case.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Infringement Proceedings in Armenia

-   Initiation of Court Proceedings: Trademark infringement cases in
    Armenia are typically initiated by filing a written statement of
    claim with the court of general jurisdiction. The choice of venue
    depends on the defendant's place of residence. Once served, the
    defendant is required to file a statement of defense. Both parties
    are expected to present the relevant facts and include all available
    documentary evidence in their briefs. After exchanging written
    briefs and participating in several oral hearings, the case is
    decided by a legally qualified judge.

-   Evidence and Expert Opinions: Court proceedings may involve live
    testimony, court-appointed expert opinions, and party-appointed
    expert opinions. However, party-appointed expert opinions are
    typically considered as party allegations. Discovery proceedings can
    be conducted by the court upon request of the parties.

-   Duration of Proceedings: The duration of trademark infringement
    proceedings can vary significantly but generally averages around
    seven to nine months for a judgment to be issued if no expert
    opinion is needed. If an appeal is lodged, the Court of Appeal's
    decision may take an additional five to six months, and proceedings
    before the Court of Cassation usually take three to four months.

-   Interim Protective Measures: Interim protective measures can be
    obtained before or pending litigation and are typically granted ex
    parte. These measures are meant to prevent the enforcement of a
    judgment from becoming impossible or more difficult. Court orders
    related to interim measures cannot be appealed.

-   Civil Remedies: Trademark owners have access to various civil
    remedies, including compensation for damages and lost profits. They
    can also demand the removal of illegally used marks from infringing
    goods and their packaging. In cases where removal is not possible,
    the court may order the destruction of the infringing goods.
    Additionally, the court can require the offender to publicize the
    fact of infringement in the media at the offender's expense.

-   Criminal Proceedings: Criminal proceedings for trademark
    infringement require the filing of a criminal complaint by an
    injured party. These proceedings involve a pretrial investigation
    phase, which is conducted in secrecy and determines whether the case
    should proceed to trial or be dismissed. Trademark owners can join
    criminal proceedings as aggrieved parties. Civil and criminal
    proceedings may run concurrently, and the duration of criminal
    proceedings is similar to that of civil proceedings.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Infringement outside Armenia

Trademark infringement outside of Armenia is generally not subject to
enforcement under Armenian trademark law. Here are key points regarding
trademark infringement outside Armenia:

1.  Territorial Limitation: Trademark rights are territorial in nature,
    meaning they are generally enforceable only within the country or
    region where the trademark is registered. Armenian trademark rights
    apply primarily within Armenia's borders.

2.  Acts Inside Armenia: Import and export of products to and from
    Armenia can qualify as acts within the country that may infringe an
    Armenian trademark. Customs authorities in Armenia may take measures
    to prevent the importation of infringing goods.

3.  Evidence from Foreign Activities: While activities outside Armenia
    cannot be the basis for a charge of trademark infringement or
    dilution within Armenia, they can serve as supportive evidence in an
    Armenian trademark infringement case. For example, evidence of an
    alleged infringer's activities or legal actions taken against them
    in foreign countries may be relevant in an Armenian legal
    proceeding.

4.  Bad Faith Registration: If a competitor registers a similar or
    identical trademark in Armenia in bad faith with the intent to
    hinder a foreign company from entering the Armenian market, the
    affected company may have grounds to challenge the junior
    trademark's registration and seek its cancellation.

5.  Jurisdiction: Armenian courts may have jurisdiction to adjudicate
    trademark infringement actions against individuals or entities
    domiciled in Armenia, even if the alleged infringement primarily
    occurred in foreign jurisdictions. In such cases, the court may
    consider acts committed outside Armenia and in the jurisdiction
    where the alleged infringement took place.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Obtaining Evidence in Trademark Infringement Cases in Armenia

In trademark infringement cases in Armenia, obtaining evidence is
subject to certain procedures and rules. Here are key points regarding
the process of obtaining evidence in such cases:

1.  Disclosure Measures: Armenian procedural law allows for evidence
    disclosure measures in pending trademark infringement actions.
    Parties can request measures such as the disclosure of documents and
    inspection of objects. These orders can be directed against an
    adverse party or even third parties, including government entities.
    A refusal to provide evidence, documents, or information can be
    interpreted against the party refusing.

2.  Access to Documents: Parties have the right to access documents that
    are referenced in the pleadings or witness statements. This access
    helps ensure transparency and fairness in the proceedings.

3.  Interrogation and Testimony: Parties may request the interrogation
    of an adverse party before the court, and any person may be ordered
    by the court to provide testimony upon request of a party. However,
    parties are not required to produce privileged documents, such as
    those containing legal advice from their lawyers.

4.  Seizure of Infringing Goods: It is possible to obtain the seizure of
    infringing goods as a provisional remedy. Seized goods can serve as
    evidence in subsequent legal proceedings.

5.  Summary Proceedings: Summary proceedings are available, including
    before the formal filing of an action. These proceedings can be used
    to secure endangered evidence or establish crucial facts.

6.  Orders Against Parties Outside Armenia: Orders can be issued against
    parties located outside Armenia. In such cases, letters rogatory may
    be used to request documents from foreign jurisdictions. Armenia is
    a party to the Hague Evidence Convention, which facilitates the
    process of obtaining evidence internationally.

7.  Powers in Criminal Cases: In criminal trademark infringement cases,
    investigating officers have extensive powers for obtaining evidence.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Duration and Maintenance of Trademark Registrations in Armenia

-   Initial Registration Period: A trademark registered in Armenia is
    valid for a period of 10 years, starting from the date of filing the
    application.

-   Renewal: Trademark registrations can be renewed for additional
    10-year periods. To maintain the registration's validity, the
    trademark owner must pay official renewal fees, which are currently
    around $300 for a trademark in one class. This renewal can be done
    before the expiration of the 10-year term or within a six-month
    grace period (for a higher fee).

-   Proof of Use for Renewal: No proof of use is required at the time of
    renewal to maintain the trademark. However, it's important to note
    that if the trademark has not been effectively used within five
    years after the date of registration, it may be subject to
    cancellation due to non-use, regardless of whether the official
    renewal fees have been paid.

-   Burden of Proof: In the event of a dispute regarding the use of the
    trademark, the burden of proving its use falls on the trademark
    owner. This proof can be provided through various means, including
    sales invoices, advertisements, and license agreements.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

ADR Techniques in Trademark Disputes

Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) techniques, such as mediation and
arbitration, can be valuable options for resolving trademark disputes in
Armenia. Here are some key points regarding ADR techniques in trademark
disputes:

1.  Mediation: Mediation is a voluntary and confidential process where a
    neutral third party (the mediator) assists the parties in reaching a
    mutually acceptable agreement. Mediation can be particularly useful
    in trademark disputes when parties want to maintain a business
    relationship or need a creative, customized solution. It can also be
    cost-effective and faster than litigation.

2.  Arbitration: Arbitration is a more formal process where a neutral
    arbitrator or a panel of arbitrators makes a binding decision on the
    dispute. Arbitration can be an effective choice when parties have a
    pre-existing arbitration clause in their contract or when they
    prefer a private and confidential resolution process. Arbitration
    awards can be enforced in Armenian courts.

3.  Benefits of ADR: ADR techniques offer benefits such as
    confidentiality, flexibility, faster resolution, cost savings, and
    the ability to choose experts in trademark matters. They can also be
    particularly useful for multi-jurisdictional disputes.

4.  Drawbacks of ADR: While ADR can be advantageous, it may not be
    suitable for all cases. Some drawbacks include the potential
    difficulty in obtaining preliminary measures or injunctive relief
    through ADR, as well as limited appeal options for arbitration
    awards.

5.  Enforceability: Arbitration awards can be enforced in Armenian
    courts if they meet certain requirements and are declared
    enforceable by a court. This provides a level of legal certainty to
    parties opting for arbitration.

6.  Mediation and Arbitration Clauses: Parties can include mediation and
    arbitration clauses in their contracts, such as license agreements
    or distribution agreements, to establish a framework for resolving
    trademark disputes through ADR methods.

7.  Choice of Neutrals: ADR processes allow parties to choose qualified
    neutrals with expertise in trademark matters, ensuring that the
    dispute is resolved by individuals with relevant knowledge.

8.  Cost Considerations: While ADR can be cost-effective, there are
    still expenses associated with the process, such as arbitrator fees
    and venue costs. Parties should carefully weigh these costs against
    the potential benefits of ADR.

9.  Confidentiality: Both mediation and arbitration proceedings are
    typically confidential, which can be appealing to parties concerned
    about protecting sensitive business information.

Overall, ADR techniques provide trademark owners in Armenia with
additional options for resolving disputes outside of the traditional
court system. Parties should consider their specific circumstances,
goals, and preferences when deciding whether to pursue mediation or
arbitration for trademark disputes.
Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights for
this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Appeals in Trademark Litigation in Armenia

In trademark litigation in Armenia, there is a specific process for
appealing court decisions. Here is an overview of the appeals process in
trademark litigation:

1.  Appeal to the Court of Appeals: After a judgment is issued by the
    court of general jurisdiction in a trademark litigation case,
    parties have the right to appeal the decision to the Court of
    Appeals. The appeal must be filed within one month from the day of
    publication of the judgment. The appeal is subject to an amount in
    dispute of a minimum of $120.

2.  Grounds for Appeal: Parties can file an appeal on various grounds,
    including violations of civil procedure provisions, mistakes in the
    finding of facts, incomplete finding of facts, or incorrect
    application of material law. The Court of Appeals reviews the case
    within the limits of the appeal.

3.  Review by the Court of Appeals: The Court of Appeals reviews the
    case based on the grounds presented in the appeal. New evidence is
    generally not admissible during this stage of the appeals process.

4.  Appeal to the Court of Cassation: If a party is dissatisfied with
    the decision of the Court of Appeals, they can further appeal to the
    Court of Cassation. The Court of Cassation's role is primarily to
    decide on matters of law, its interpretation, and its application.
    It does not review the facts of the case.

5.  Final Decision: The decision of the Court of Cassation is typically
    the final decision in the appeals process. Once the Court of
    Cassation issues its decision, the appeals process is concluded.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Remedies for Trademark Infringement in Armenia

In trademark infringement cases in Armenia, the remedies available to a
prevailing plaintiff can include:

1.  Monetary Damages: The court may award compensatory damages to the
    plaintiff, which can cover actual losses suffered as a result of the
    infringement or the defendant's unlawful profits.

2.  Injunctions: The court can issue injunctions to prohibit the
    defendant from engaging in further trademark infringement. This can
    be done either preliminarily, as an interim measure, or permanently
    as part of the final judgment.

3.  Erasure of Infringing Signs: The court may order the removal or
    erasure of infringing signs, which could include removing trademarks
    from products, packaging, or marketing materials.

4.  Seizure and Destruction of Infringing Goods: In cases where the
    plaintiff's trademark rights have been infringed, the court can
    order the seizure and destruction of infringing goods, preventing
    them from being sold or distributed.

5.  Publication of Judgment: The court may require the defendant to
    publish the judgment at their expense, which can serve to inform the
    public of the infringement and court's decision.

6.  Reasonable Attorney's Fees: In some cases, the court may award
    reasonable attorney's fees to the prevailing party, helping to
    offset the costs of legal representation.

7.  Delivery of Profits: The plaintiff may be entitled to claim the
    delivery of the profits that the defendant earned through the
    trademark infringement.

8.  Preservation of Evidence: The court can order the preservation of
    evidence, including banking, financial, and commercial documents
    related to the infringing activities.

9.  Customs Measures: The trademark owner can work with customs
    authorities to prevent the importation of counterfeit goods into
    Armenia.

10. Criminal Sanctions: In cases of criminal trademark infringement,
    individuals involved in the infringement, such as distributors,
    importers, and exporters, may face criminal sanctions, including
    fines or confinement.

11. Search and Seizure Orders: Criminal proceedings allow for effective
    search and seizure orders, enabling law enforcement authorities to
    quickly intervene.

It's important to note that the specific remedies awarded in a trademark
infringement case can vary based on the circumstances of the case, the
evidence presented, and the court's judgment. Plaintiffs must provide
sufficient evidence to support their claims for damages or other
remedies. Additionally, customs cooperation can be an effective tool to
prevent counterfeit goods from entering the country.
Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights for
this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Benefits of Trademark Registration in Armenia:

Trademark registration in Armenia offers several key benefits to
trademark owners:

1.  Exclusive Rights: Registration confers exclusive rights to the
    trademark owner. This includes the right to use the trademark,
    dispose of it, and prevent others from using or registering
    identical or confusingly similar trademarks for similar goods or
    services.

2.  Legal Protection: The main advantage of registration is that it
    provides stronger legal protection against third-party use of the
    trademark. Owners of non-registered trademarks have limited
    protection under competition law.

3.  Prima Facie Validity: Registered trademark owners can claim prima
    facie validity of their title, simplifying the process of asserting
    their rights. Non-registered trademark owners must provide
    additional evidence to prove their rights.

4.  Public Record: Registered trademarks are recorded in a public
    database, acting as a deterrent to third parties considering using
    similar marks.

5.  Criminal Law Protection: Criminal law is more inclined to protect
    registered trademarks compared to de facto-use trademarks.

6.  Customs Enforcement: Trademark applications or registrations can be
    recorded with Armenian customs authorities, enabling border
    enforcement mechanisms, including the seizure of counterfeit goods.

7.  Protection for Well-Known Trademarks: Well-known trademarks are
    protected in Armenia even without registration if they have been
    recognized as such by the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency
    (AIPA). Once recognized, these trademarks receive the same level of
    protection as registered trademarks.
    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Applications in Armenia

Trademark applications in Armenia are open to both natural and legal
persons, including non-profit organizations. Here are key points to note
about trademark applications in Armenia:

1.  Applicant Eligibility: Trademarks can be applied for and owned by
    natural persons, legal entities, and non-profit organizations.
    Individual entrepreneurs are not required for natural persons.

2.  Residency and Citizenship: There are no specific residency or
    citizenship requirements for applicants. Foreigners have the same
    legal rights as Armenian residents, subject to reciprocity. Foreign
    individuals and entities should use Armenian agents for applications
    unless they have a permanent establishment or residency in Armenia.

3.  Professional Assistance: It is strongly recommended to seek
    professional legal services when applying for a trademark in
    Armenia.

4.  No Business Requirement: Trademarks can be registered regardless of
    whether the applicant runs a related business or is engaged in
    commercial activities in Armenia. There's no need for a declaration
    of intention of use or affidavit of use.

5.  Application Details: A trademark application should include the
    following information in Armenian:

    -   Applicant's name and contact information
    -   Description of the trademark
    -   List of goods and services covered by the trademark

6.  Joint Applications: Multiple applicants can jointly apply and co-own
    a trademark. Collective marks are also an option.

7.  Application Form: The official application form is available for
    download on the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency's website at
    aipa.am/hy/forms/.

8.  Trademark Law: Trademark registration in Armenia is governed by the
    Trademark Law of 2010. The full law is available in English at
    aipa.am/en/laws/.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Marking in Armenia

-   Registered Trademark Symbol: Trademark owners in Armenia have the
    option to use the ® symbol to indicate that their trademark has been
    officially registered with the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency
    (AIPA). They can also use the phrase "registered mark" as per
    Article 12 of the Armenian Law on Trademarks. The use of these
    symbols serves as a notification that the trademark is registered
    and, therefore, legally protected. This can act as a deterrent to
    potential infringers and informs third parties of the trademark's
    protected status.

-   Voluntary Usage: It's important to note that the use of these
    symbols is not mandatory. Trademark owners have the choice of
    whether to use them or not. Importantly, the ability to seek damages
    in cases of trademark infringement is not contingent on the use of
    these symbols.

-   False Indications and Unfair Competition: Misleading or false
    indications related to trademarks are considered unfair competition
    practices and may be subject to legal sanctions under the Law on
    Protection of Economic Competition.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Licenses in Armenia

-   Recordation Requirement: In Armenia, trademark license agreements
    must be recorded with the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency
    (AIPA) to be considered valid and enforceable against third parties.
    This recordation process is essential to establish and protect the
    rights of the licensee under the license agreement.

-   License Types: License agreements can specify various types of
    licenses, including exclusive, sole, or non-exclusive licenses.
    Additionally, it's possible to define the scope of the license,
    indicating whether it applies to all or only some of the goods or
    services covered by the trademark registration.

-   Public Record: The purpose of recording license agreements is to
    make the rights granted to the licensee publicly known. Information
    about these licenses is typically published in the Official Journal
    of the AIPA, ensuring transparency and legal recognition.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Trademark Assignment in Armenia

-   Transfer of Trademark Rights: In Armenia, the rights associated with
    a registered trademark or an application for a trademark can be
    transferred or assigned to another individual or entity. This
    transfer may pertain to some or all of the goods or services for
    which the trademark is protected.

-   Recordation Requirement: For an assignment to be valid and legally
    enforceable against third parties, it must be officially recorded
    with the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA). Recording the
    assignment ensures transparency and provides legal recognition of
    the transfer of trademark rights. Information about trademark
    assignments is typically published in the Official Journal of the
    AIPA.

-   Business Separation: The assignment of trademark rights doesn't
    necessarily require the transfer of the entire business associated
    with the trademark. It's possible to assign the trademark
    independently of the business.

-   No Requirement for Goodwill Valuation: Unlike some jurisdictions,
    Armenian law does not mandate including a value or consideration for
    the goodwill associated with the trademark when recording an
    assignment. The parties have flexibility in this regard.

-   Prohibited Assignments: Assignments that could potentially mislead
    the public about the nature, quality, or origin of the goods and
    services may be prohibited.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Famous Foreign Trademarks in Armenia

-   Usage Requirement: To receive protection as a famous foreign
    trademark in Armenia, the trademark must have been used domestically
    within the country. Protection is extended only when the foreign
    trademark has gained significant recognition among the relevant
    Armenian public through actual use.

-   Listing of Well-Known Trademarks: Armenian law stipulates that the
    Armenian Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA) must maintain a
    separate list of well-known trademarks. To have a trademark listed
    as well-known, an applicant must submit a request to the AIPA
    Appellate Committee. This request should include evidence
    demonstrating the level of recognition and must be accompanied by
    the payment of a state fee, which is approximately USD 600. Once
    submitted, the Appellate Committee has a two-month timeframe to
    affirm the well-known status of the trademark. Such affirmation
    grants the foreign trademark protection equivalent to that of
    registered trademarks. The list of well-known trademarks is
    available online at AIPA's website.

-   Protection Against Registration: Even if a foreign trademark is not
    in use and is not well-known in Armenia, it may still be protected
    in cases where it can prevent the registration of an identical or
    similar trademark in Armenia. This occurs when there is a likelihood
    of confusion, and the trademark applicant was aware or could have
    been aware of the existence of the foreign trademark.

-   Unfair Competition Protection: Notably, a sign used domestically
    without any formal registration may still receive protection under
    Armenian unfair competition law. This provides a level of safeguard
    for unregistered marks within the country.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Security Interests Over Trademarks in Armenia

-   Recognition of Security Interests: Armenian law recognizes security
    interests, also known as collateral rights, over trademarks. This
    means that trademark rights or trademark applications can be used as
    collateral for a financial obligation or loan.

-   Written Agreement Requirement: To establish a security interest in a
    trademark, a written agreement signed by the parties involved is
    required. This agreement should clearly specify details such as the
    nature of the security interest, the amount involved, and the
    timeframe for fulfilling the underlying obligation. There is no
    additional requirement for notarization.

-   Recording with AIPA: While not mandatory for the validity or
    enforceability of the security rights, security interests may be
    recorded with the Armenian Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA) upon
    request from one of the parties. Recording the security interest
    with the AIPA serves as a way to make it known to third parties and
    provides additional protection for the party relying on this
    security interest.

-   Enforceability: Properly documenting and recording security
    interests is essential to make them enforceable, especially when
    dealing with third parties. It helps establish priority and ensures
    that the security interests are legally recognized.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Appealing a Denied Trademark Application in Armenia

-   Initial Examination: If any objections are raised by the Armenian
    Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA) during the examination of a
    trademark application, the applicant has the opportunity to address
    these objections and persuade the examiner that they are not valid.
    Amendments to the goods and services listed in the specification can
    also be made if necessary.

-   First Examination Rejection: If the AIPA rejects a trademark
    application following the first examination, the applicant can
    request a second examination within two months from being notified
    of the rejection. The second examination will occur within a
    two-month period, resulting in a decision that either confirms or
    reverses the initial rejection.

-   Second Examination Rejection: If an unfavorable decision is issued
    after the second examination, the applicant can appeal it to the
    Appellate Committee of the AIPA within three months from being
    served with the decision.

-   Further Appeal to Administrative Court: Decisions made by the first
    examiner, second examiner, and the Appellate Committee can all be
    appealed to the Administrative Court within six months from being
    served on the applicant. The applicant can choose whether to appeal
    the AIPA's decision directly to the Administrative Court or first
    have the decision reviewed by the Appellate Committee and then file
    an appeal against that decision.

-   Appeal Costs: There are official fees associated with filing an
    appeal with the Appellate Committee, approximately $120, and for
    filing an appeal with the Administrative Court, around $10.

-   Legal Hierarchy: The Administrative Court's decision can itself be
    appealed. It may be further appealed to the Administrative Court of
    Appeals and subsequently to the Court of Cassation.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Burden of Proof to Establish Trademark Infringement in Armenia

In Armenia, the burden of proof to establish trademark infringement
generally falls on the plaintiff (the party bringing the infringement
claim). Here are the key points regarding the burden of proof in
trademark infringement cases:

1.  Ownership of the Trademark: The plaintiff must prove that they are
    the rightful owner or licensee of a valid trademark. If the
    trademark is registered, a certificate issued by the Armenian
    Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA) is typically sufficient to
    establish ownership.

2.  Infringing Acts: The plaintiff asserting infringement must prove
    that the alleged infringing acts occurred and that the defendant
    participated in these acts. This may involve providing evidence such
    as invoices, product samples, catalogs, brochures, or any other
    appropriate documentation.

3.  Standard of Infringement: Trademark infringement can occur in
    several ways, including:

    -   Use of an identical sign for identical goods or services.
    -   Use of an identical or similar sign for identical or similar
        goods or services, leading to a risk of confusion or
        association.
    -   Use of an identical or similar sign that takes unfair advantage
        of or is detrimental to the distinctive character or reputation
        of the registered trademark, regardless of a likelihood of
        confusion.

4.  Evidence in Court: Any type of evidence that is deemed appropriate
    may be presented in court. The court will evaluate the weight and
    relevance of the evidence provided by both parties.

In criminal cases related to trademark infringement, an investigator is
typically appointed to conduct investigations and gather evidence to
establish the infringement.

Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights for
this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Time Frame for Trademark Infringement Action in Armenia

The time frame for trademark infringement actions in Armenia can vary
depending on several factors, including court workload, case complexity,
documentation requirements, and the presence of appeals. Here is a
general overview of the expected time frames for trademark infringement
actions in Armenia:

1.  Average Duration for Judgment: On average, it takes approximately
    seven to nine months for a judgment to be issued in a trademark
    infringement case, assuming that no expert opinion is required. This
    period includes the time from filing the lawsuit to the issuance of
    a judgment.

2.  First Hearing: Typically, the first hearing in a trademark
    infringement case is scheduled approximately two months after the
    lawsuit is filed.

3.  Appeals: If one of the parties files an appeal, the duration of the
    proceedings may be extended. The Court of Appeal's decision can take
    an additional five to six months, while proceedings before the Court
    of Cassation usually take three to four months.

4.  Interim Protective Measures: Interim protective measures, such as
    the seizure of infringing goods, can be obtained quickly, often
    within a matter of days. These measures are granted ex parte,
    meaning they are issued without notifying the opposing party. The
    purpose of interim measures is to prevent the enforcement of a
    judgment from becoming impossible or more difficult.

5.  Criminal Proceedings: In trademark infringement cases prosecuted
    under criminal law, the pretrial investigation phase typically takes
    around three to four months before the trial begins. The duration of
    the criminal trial itself is comparable to civil proceedings.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Validity of Trademark Assignment in Armenia

-   Written Assignment Requirement: In Armenia, the assignment of
    trademark rights must be executed in writing to be considered valid.
    This means that a formal, written document is essential to legally
    transfer trademark rights.

-   Registration with AIPA: In addition to the written document, the
    assignment must also be officially registered with the Armenian
    Intellectual Property Agency (AIPA) to be recognized as valid.

-   Failure to Register: Failure to register the assignment with the
    AIPA can render the assignment unenforceable not only against third
    parties but also against both the assignor (previous owner) and the
    assignee (new owner). This emphasizes the importance of proper
    registration.

-   Examination and Registration Period: The AIPA typically has one
    month to examine the submitted documentation and complete the
    registration process for the assignment.

-   Appeal Rights: If the AIPA refuses to register the assignment, an
    appeal can be made. This appeal can be directed to either the court
    or the AIPA Appellate Committee.

    Please note that all intellectual property and proprietary rights
    for this content belong to Vardanyan & Partners, and all rights are
    reserved.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

2024 Complete Guide to Armenian Residency 

Armenia is an open and democratic country valuing individual freedom.
The residence permit application process in Armenia is simple and can be
done remotely with just a valid passport. Unlike other countries,
Armenia does not require you to stay in the country. Armenian residency
offers a five-year visa and a path to citizenship in three years. It can
also facilitate access to banking services and investment opportunities,
including permanent property and land ownership rights. If you choose to
become an Armenian citizen, dual citizenship is expressly permitted.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Benefits of Armenian Residency
2.  Residence Permit Options
3.  Detailed Guide to the Application Process
4.  Financial and Legal Aspects
5.  Maintenance and Renewal
6.  Dealing with Complications
7.  Path to Citizenship
8.  Other Practical Information

1. Benefits of Armenian Residency

Obtaining an Armenian residence permit presents a wealth of advantages
for individuals seeking residency in a country with a rich cultural
heritage and robust economic opportunities. Here are the key benefits
and procedural aspects of securing residency in Armenia:

Ease of Procedure

-   Remote Application Process: Applicants can secure their Armenian
    residency remotely, requiring only a passport and a health
    certificate. This streamlined process enables individuals from
    around the globe to apply without needing to be physically present
    in Armenia initially.
-   Minimal Documentation Required: Applicants need only provide their
    passport and a medical certificate alongside documents supporting
    their legal basis for application.

Lifestyle and Legal Privileges

-   Family Inclusion: The residence permit extends eligibility to family
    members, including spouses, children (minor and adult), siblings,
    and grandparents, making it a family-friendly option.
-   Economic and Cultural Benefits: Armenia boasts a rapidly growing
    economy, with a 8.7% GDP growth in 2023. The country offers
    investment opportunities in high-interest banking and a thriving
    real estate market where foreign land ownership is permitted. The
    capital, Yerevan, is noted for its safety, low cost of living,
    high-speed internet, affordable healthcare, and exceptional cuisine.
    From its UNESCO World Heritage Sites to the stunning views of Mount
    Ararat, Armenia's natural and cultural offerings enrich the lives of
    its residents.
-   Legal and Social Advantages: Residents of Armenia enjoy all
    constitutional rights and freedoms afforded to citizens, except for
    political rights. These include rights to healthcare, social
    security, education, property, and privacy, along with freedoms of
    speech, conscience, religion, and belief. Importantly, residents are
    exempt from mandatory military service.
-   Global Connectivity: Armenia maintains strong international
    relationships, especially with Western nations such as those in the
    European Union and the USA. It also has a visa-free regime with
    countries like Russia, Iran, and China, enhancing the travel freedom
    of its residents.
-   Investment and Banking Opportunities: As a resident, individuals can
    access diverse banking services and investment opportunities.
    Permanent property and land ownership rights are significant
    incentives for those looking to invest in real estate.

Path to Citizenship

-   Path to Citizenship: After three years of residency, individuals may
    qualify for Armenian citizenship, contingent upon government
    approval.

-   Dual Citizenship: If an individual opts to become an Armenian
    citizen, the country expressly permits dual citizenship, allowing
    one to retain their original nationality.

2. Residence Permit Options

Armenia offers various types of residence permits for different groups
of people. Business owners, investors, digital nomads, and ethnic
Armenians can apply for temporary (one-year) or permanent (five-year)
residence permits. Both can be renewed indefinitely in their respective
increments.
Family members typically receive temporary residence cards, valid for up
to one year, but not exceeding the main applicant's
residency. Students obtain temporary residence cards for a maximum of
one year, aligning with their study duration.
Workers, employees and volunteers usually acquire one-year temporary
residence cards, which also function as work permits. Applications are
typically done online, with permits issued as plastic cards. Workers
from Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan (Eurasian Economic
Union) and their families do not require work permits. Instead, they
receive "certificates of legality of stay" for up to one year, issued as
plastic cards. In addition, Russian citizens can legalize their stay in
Armenia simply by registering their address with the local police
office.
Ethnic Armenians can also receive special residence permits in the form
of passports. In exceptional cases, other foreigners who have
contributed significantly to the Armenian economy or culture may also
receive these permits.

[]

Business Owners

Residence permits come in different types, including temporary (1-year),
permanent (5-year), and special (10-year) status. The latter is usually
granted to owners of larger businesses that have created a substantial
number of local jobs.
As for the corporate form and ownership size, a business owner can
either be a "private entrepreneur" or a shareholder of a for-profit
company, such as Limited Liability Company (LLC), Joint-Stock Company
(JSC), or cooperative. The law does not specify a minimum share size to
qualify for residence, so even small shares like 5% or 1% can suffice,
as long as the ownership is real.

An immigration interview is typically held (in person or via a phone
call) with the business owner or his attorney 2-5 weeks after the
residence permit application is filed. The security officer will
establish if the information submitted is accurate and if the business
is a real operational business, among other things. They may check
supporting documents, but they tend to rely more on verbal communication
and take a common sense approach to assess the case.
The nature of the business is also important, as it determines the type
of evidence and supporting documents required for the application. For
instance, if you open a retail store, you need to have the necessary
commercial premises, equipment, and inventory. If you are an IT
specialist working from home, you need to show your workplace and
explain the services you provide, who your customers are, how they pay
you, and the results of your work.
Office space is not required, but having separate business premises may
look better. However, it is not recommended to rent such a place just to
make a good impression on the immigration officer.
As a business owner, you do not need a work permit or other permits to
apply for residence.
To get a residence permit in Armenia, your business must be set up
and operational. A foreigner is allowed and expected to start their
business while on a regular visitor visa.
Minimum investment and income requirements do not exist, but the
business income should be sufficient to cover the applicant's living
expenses.
Having local employees will certainly make a good impression, but job
creation is not a requirement to qualify for residency.
A business plan is not required, but a strong package of supporting
documents (for example, business registration documents, lease
agreement, contracts, invoices, payroll documents, licenses and permits
(if any), website and marketing materials, tax returns, bank account
statements, etc.) is important to convince the security officer of your
eligibility for residency. Moreover, if your application ends up being
rejected, these documents will serve the basis for appealing the
rejection in court. It is not recommended to apply for a residence
permit if the business is only in the planning stage as such application
will be, almost certainly, rejected.
Paying taxes is an important factor in demonstrating that the business
is real and operational. If the business does not generate income or
does not pay taxes on its income, the application is likely to be
rejected.

[]

Digital Nomads and Freelancers

Digital nomads, freelancers and owners of online businesses are also
eligible to apply for a residence permit in Armenia. The law does not
require applicants to have local clients or show that their income comes
from Armenian sources. The same rules that apply to regular business
owners (see section #3) also apply to freelancers and online business
owners. To qualify for a residence permit, freelancers and online
business owners need to be registered as taxpayers in Armenia, such as a
sole proprietor or LLC owner.
It is important to note that you will need to report at least some
income and pay taxes in Armenia. The tax rates will depend on your
income or sales, with independent service providers typically opting for
the "turnover tax" regime, which levies a 5% tax on reported income.
Under the "microbusiness" regime, it may be possible to pay 0% tax if
your annual income does not exceed around $60,000, though not all types
of activities qualify for this treatment. You may also be subject to
social (pension) contributions and military stamp duties after your
residence permit is issued.
For example, let us say you offer online classes. Since educational
services can be treated as a "microbusiness," you will be exempt from
taxes on income of up to around $60,000 per year, and you will not have
to make social (pension) contributions. However, you will need to pay
monthly military stamp duties of $4 to $25 after your residence permit
is issued.
On the other hand, if you are a business consultant, consulting services
cannot be treated as a "microbusiness," so you will have to pay a 5%
turnover tax on your income of up to $296,000. If you report income from
consulting services of $1,000 per month, you will pay $50 in turnover
tax (5% of $1,000) and a flat fee of $13 in income tax. After your
residence permit is issued, you will also need to pay a flat social
(pension) contribution of $13 and a monthly military stamp duty of $5.
Your total monthly tax bill will be $81 ($50 + $13 + $13 + $5).

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Microbusiness   | Turnover Tax    | Income Tax      |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Annual Sales    | < $60,000       | < $296,000      | > $296,000      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Tax Rate        | 0%              | $13 per month + | 18% on profit   |
|                 |                 | 5% on sales     |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Social          | 0               | $13 per month   | $188 per month  |
| (Pension)       |                 |                 |                 |
| Contribution    |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Military Stamp  | $4-$25 per      | $4-$25 per      | $25 per month   |
| Duty            | month           | month           |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

[]

Investors and Donors

Armenia's immigration laws are quite liberal, and there are multiple
ways to become a resident. You can invest in an existing business or
rental properties or engage in agriculture, such as vineyards or
orchards. In short, being involved in any business, regardless of its
size or nature, should qualify you for Armenian residency.
Investors can qualify for a residence permit in Armenia under the same
terms as business owners. The law does not require the applicant to be
actively engaged in the day-to-day management of the business.
Therefore, the same rules that apply to regular business owners (see
section #3) also apply to investors.
Real Estate Investment: Simply owning real estate does not qualify you
for a residence permit. However, you can 1) develop real estate or 2)
purchase and operate rental property. You will qualify for residency if
you turn the property into an income-generating business asset. You
still need to register as a taxpayer in Armenia (e.g. as a sole
proprietor, LLC owner, etc.) and pay taxes on your income (rental income
is typically taxed at 10%).
Investment in an Existing Business: You can also qualify for residency
by purchasing an existing business or a share in an existing business.
Such transactions are usually more complicated due to the due diligence
checks and appraisal matters.
For those who prefer not to establish their own business in Armenia, we
offer two alternative paths to secure residency in the country: by
making a $6,000 donation to a rural development project (the donation
route). If you are interested in learning more about this option, please
contact us, and we will provide you with more information.

[]

Foreign Employees and Contractors

As a general rule, foreign workers, including both employees and
contractors, who are hired by an Armenian employer to work within the
country, need to have a work permit and a temporary residence permit
before they can start working. The Immigration Office first conducts a
labor market test to ensure that there are no suitable local citizens
for the position in question. Once the work is authorized, a temporary
residence card will be issued to the employee in the form of a plastic
card, which is valid for up to one year and also serves as a work
permit.
There are some exemptions from work permit requirements, such as highly
skilled foreign specialists, business owners, executives, citizens of
Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan (members of the Eurasian
Economic Union), and certain other categories of workers.
Working without a work permit or a residence permit may result in
penalties for the employer and visa revocation for the employee. The
work permit and the residence permit may also be revoked if the
employment agreement is terminated. For more information on work
permits, please see here.

[]

Students

Students of educational institutions at the primary, secondary, and
higher levels can qualify for temporary residence permits that are
issued for the duration of their study program. To support their
residence application, the educational institution typically provides an
admission letter and a contract. These documents should specify the
dates of the study program, which typically correspond to the academic
year for which the admission has been granted.

[]

Ethnic Armenians

Individuals of Armenian descent/origin can qualify for all types of
residence permits, including temporary, permanent, and special, as well
as Armenian citizenship. However, certain formal requirements must be
met to establish Armenian origin. Simply having an Armenian name or
speaking Armenian fluently is not sufficient. To prove Armenian
ethnicity, you will need to produce a document, such as a baptism
certificate issued by a church organization, that confirms your or your
parent/grandparent's Armenian ethnicity. In certain cases,
government-issued documents, such as birth certificates or family
records, may also mention Armenian ethnicity. A list of churches whose
certificates are generally accepted by the government is published on
this website (see Annex 4).
It is important that the document be attested (legalized) by the
Armenian embassy/consulate in the country where the document was issued.
For example, the Armenian embassy must certify the baptism certificate
before it can be used to apply for citizenship.
Some ethnic Armenians may prefer a residence permit over citizenship,
particularly if it is difficult to produce a legalized birth
certificate. Additionally, obtaining a residence permit rather than
citizenship can help individuals avoid registering with the military
office or avoid having to renounce their current citizenship,
particularly if their country of origin does not allow dual citizenship.
For more information on obtaining Armenian citizenship by ethnicity,
please refer to this page.

[]

Alternative Ways to Qualify for Residency

Armenia's immigration laws are quite liberal, and there are multiple
ways to become a resident. You can invest in an existing business or
rental properties or engage in agriculture, such as vineyards or
orchards. In short, being involved in any business, regardless of its
size or nature, should qualify you for Armenian residency.
Purchasing an existing business or a share in one is another way to
qualify for residency, but it is typically more complicated due to due
diligence checks and appraisal matters. You can find offers to invest in
small and medium-sized businesses
at https://investin.am/investment-projects/, and a few large companies
are listed on the Armenian stock exchange
at https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Just owning real estate will not qualify you for a residence permit, but
turning the property into an income-generating business asset can do the
trick. Typically, this is done by purchasing property and renting it
out, You will still have to register as a taxpayer in Armenia and pay
taxes on your income.

You can find more information about business opportunities in
Armenia here.

[]

Family Residency

If you hold an Armenian residence permit, your immediate family members
may also be eligible for residency. Specifically, you can sponsor your
spouse, your children (whether they are minors or adults, with no age
restrictions), and your parents (also with no age restrictions). You do
not need to demonstrate that your family members are financially
dependent on you. Furthermore, if you have a permanent (long-term) or
special residence permit, you can also sponsor your siblings,
grandparents, and grandchildren.
To establish a family relationship, a legalized (Apostille or consular
legalization) birth or marriage certificate (or an equivalent document)
must be presented.
Normally, family members are granted only temporary (one-year) residence
permits, even if the main applicant has a permanent (five-year) or
special (ten-year) residence permit or is an Armenian citizen. However,
in the last two cases (i.e., where the main applicant is an Armenian
citizen or has a special residence permit), family members can qualify
for a five-year permit if they have been residents of Armenia for three
years.
It is not possible to apply simultaneously for the residency of both the
main applicant and their family members. Instead, family members must
file their applications after the main applicant's residence permit is
issued. Therefore, it is crucial to plan the application process
properly in advance, especially when it comes to extending the permits.
For example, if the primary applicant wishes to extend their residence
permit, it is advisable to submit the application approximately three
months prior to the expiry date. This timing ensures the possibility of
applying for the extension of any dependent's residence permit without
any gaps in validity between the residence cards.

[]

Special Residency

The special residence permit, also known as the special passport, is
valid for ten years and can be extended indefinitely in ten-year
increments. Unlike the temporary or permanent residence permits, it is
issued in the form of a passport rather than a card. It grants its
holder the freedom to travel to and from Armenia without a visa, live,
work, study, conduct business, and engage in any lawful activity in
Armenia without needing work permits or any other paperwork. A
significant benefit of the special passport is that its holder can own
agricultural and other land directly in his or her name, without having
to establish a legal entity.
In practice, special passports are usually issued to foreigners of
Armenian origin, that is, ethnic Armenians. However, in exceptional
cases, non-Armenians engaged in economic or cultural activities in
Armenia can also obtain a special passport. Children under 16 are also
eligible for special passports. The time required to obtain a special
passport is typically around 60-90 days.
Benefits of Special Residency
Holders of a special passport are entitled to enlist the services of a
family physician upon registering as per the protocol at a primary care
medical institution, which offers complimentary healthcare services.
Special and permanent passport holders are eligible to obtain a
certificate of permanent residence in Armenia, entitling them to import
personal belongings without incurring customs fees. The Migration and
Citizenship Service typically issues the certificate within a brief
period of 5 business days. Remote application submission through a
designated representative is also possible for those with prior visits
to Armenia.
Special residency holders stand as the sole exception, endowed with the
privilege of owning agricultural land in their name under the law.
Special passport holders enjoy the legal provision granting extended
family members (comprising parents, siblings, spouses, children,
grandparents, and grandchildren) eligibility for a 1-year temporary
residence permit. Furthermore, after sustaining uninterrupted residence
as dependents for a continuous period of 3 years, family members can
qualify for a 5-year permanent residence permit, contingent upon
demonstrating adequate housing and financial means.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

3. Detailed Guide to the Application Process

[]

Step-by-Step Process

The steps, timeline, and required documents for obtaining an Armenian
residence permit will vary depending on the nature and legal basis of
your application. For instance, if you are interested in obtaining an
Armenian residence permit as an investor, you will need to follow these
steps:
Step 1: Either travel to Armenia or send the necessary documents
(including a power of attorney and the original passport) to Armenia for
remote application.
Step 2: Transfer the investment amount (takes 2-5 days).
Step 3: Register the investor's share with the government (takes 2-3
days).
Step 4: Submit your residence permit application. For remote
applications, mail your original passport. Your passport will be
returned after a few days (1-2 days for in-person applications or
approximately 2-3 weeks for remote applications).
Step 5: Await the examination and approval of your residence permit
application (takes 40-50 days).
Step 6: We will collect your residence permit and deliver or mail it to
you (takes 1 day).
The entire process typically spans 2-3 months, depending on whether you
apply in person or remotely and your specific circumstances.
To apply, you will need a valid passport; a medical check certificate
and photographs may also be necessary. You will not need to provide
proof of address or employment, police clearance certificates, bank
account statements, reference letters, health/travel insurance, or
tickets.
Remember to account for legal fees and other expenses, such as
government fees, mailing, translation, and notarization. For additional
information, do not hesitate to contact us.
Please note that currently, the Immigration Office mandates that all
appointments be scheduled in advance using an online booking system
(https://migration.e-gov.am/en/). The waiting periods for these
appointments may range from a few weeks to even longer. This is a
crucial aspect to keep in mind while planning for extensions.

[]

Remote Applications: Procedure and Requirements

If you are applying for an Armenian residence permit, your lawyer or
representative can file the application remotely. However, on the day of
the application, we will need to present your original passport to the
immigration officer. This means that if you are applying remotely, you
will need to mail your passport to Armenia via a courier service like
FedEx, DHL, or UPS for a few days. Your passport will be mailed back to
you immediately after the application is filed.
To apply for temporary (1-year) or permanent (5-year) residence permits,
you must submit your application to the Immigration Office. Please note
that Armenian embassies usually do not process residence permit
applications unless it is for a special 10-year residence permit.
Applications for special (10-year) residence permits can be submitted at
the Immigration Office or at an Armenian embassy overseas. While it is
possible to apply for a special passport remotely by giving power of
attorney to a representative, you must be physically present in Armenia
at the time of the application.

[]

Physical Presence, No Minimum Stay

There are no specific requirements regarding the number of days you need
to spend in Armenia to maintain your residence status. Generally, it is
possible to apply for and extend your residence permit remotely. Please
refer to the previous section for further details on this matter.

[]

Address Registration and Social Security Number Application

Armenian residents are generally required to have a registered address,
which is used for official notifications and other purposes. Foreigners
typically have 15 days after receiving their residence permit to
register their local address and seven days to report any changes of
address to the local police office. To register a local address, you
will need to provide proof that you reside in Armenia. This can be a
certificate of ownership or lease of a residential property, or the
owner's consent to registration. If none of these documents are
available, you may request the local police to conduct a factual check,
which usually takes up to two weeks, to confirm your residency at the
stated address.
Completing the address registration step can also be beneficial for the
bank account opening process, as it's a requirement of most banks.
Once your address is registered, you may apply for a social security
number (SSN), which may be useful in your dealings with various
government agencies, banks, employers, etc. The SSN is issued in the
form of a separate paper and can be obtained immediately upon
application at the local police office.
In practice, individuals who are lawfully present in Armenia have the
opportunity to obtain a Social Security Number (SSN) using their
passport.

[]

Visa Requirements

As explained in the first section above, it is possible to apply for and
obtain a residence permit remotely without traveling to Armenia.
However, more often than not, an applicant will visit Armenia first and
apply for a residence permit while in the country. It may be necessary
to obtain a visa (e-visa or sticker visa) before being allowed to enter
the country. For more information on visa requirements, please refer
to this page.

4. Financial and Legal Aspects

[]

Tax Consequences of Becoming a Resident

It is important to note that obtaining a residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) does not automatically make you a "tax resident."
Tax residency is regulated by tax laws, not immigration laws. In
general, you become a tax resident of Armenia by spending more than 183
days in the country in a year. This means that it is possible to hold a
residence permit without becoming a tax resident, and vice versa.
Please be aware that if you are employed as a worker or are a "private
entrepreneur" in Armenia, you may be required to begin making social
(pension) and military contributions once you have obtained your
residence permit.
Armenia does not typically tax individuals' capital gains on the sale of
securities or real estate, or other assets, regardless of whether those
gains are generated in Armenia or elsewhere. Certain forms of income,
such as insurance and pension payments, are also exempt from taxes.
Additionally, there are no taxes on gifts, inheritance, or net worth.
However, there is no general rule that exempts a tax resident from
paying taxes on income generated outside of Armenia.
You may also be able to obtain documents such as proof of registered
address in Armenia, a social security number, a taxpayer identification
number, a tax residency certificate, or a certificate of permanent
residency.

Taxpayer Identification Number
Individuals receiving profits from commercial organizations are mandated
to obtain a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). This is imperative, as
the distribution of profits entails the obligation to remit income tax
on dividends, necessitating the possession of a TIN for tax payment
purposes. Furthermore, certain foreign banks may request the Taxpayer
Identification Number as a means to authenticate their association with
the Republic of Armenia.
The application process primarily involves the submission of a TIN
application along with a copy of the passport.

Tax Residency Certificate
In general, an individual can become a tax resident of Armenia if their
stay in the country extends to 183 days or more. Alternatively, a
petition can be submitted to the tax office to procure a tax residency
certificate, even if the stipulated duration of 183 days is not met.
However, the application must substantiate that the center of vital
interest is situated in Armenia, signifying that personal or business
affiliations with Armenia outweigh those with any other country. It is
crucial to note that such certificates are issued exclusively for a
specific tax year and explicitly cite the pertinent double tax treaty.
To initiate the application for a tax residency certificate, the
applicant is required to submit a comprehensive set of documents. These
include statements detailing income from foreign sources, copies of all
passport pages, a calculation table reflecting the individual's presence
within the Republic of Armenia, or a written justification outlining the
localization of the center of vital interests within the territory of
the Republic of Armenia, supported by relevant documentation.
The issuance of the tax residency certificate is typically completed
within two business days.

[]

Costs of Obtaining and Residence Permit

The government fees for obtaining a residence permit vary between $270
to $390, depending on the type of permit. Immediate relatives of
Armenian nationals are generally exempt from paying government fees, and
reduced rates apply to US nationals. In the event that the application
for a residence permit is rejected (but not if withdrawn by the
applicant), the government fees are refundable.
Please be aware that in addition to government fees, you may also incur
expenses related to document translation, medical checks, photographs,
etc. If you plan to hire a lawyer to represent you before the
immigration authorities, legal fees will also apply.

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residence       | Temporary       | Permanent       | Special         |
| Permit          | (Short-Term)    | (Long-Term)     | Passport        |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Validity        | 1 year,         | 5 years,        | 10 years,       |
|                 | extendable      | extendable      | extendable      |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Government Fees | $270 (AMD       | $360 (AMD       | $390 (AMD       |
| (Approx.)       | 105,000)        | 140,000)        | 150,000)        |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

5. Maintenance and Renewal

[]

Residence Permit Renewal: Appointment Booking and Process

Residence permits must be renewed (extended) periodically. Temporary
permits can be renewed annually, while permanent (long-term) and special
residence permits can be renewed every five and ten years, respectively.
The application for renewal must be submitted no later than 30 days
before the expiration of the current permit. In the case of special
permits, it is recommended to apply at least 60 days before the
expiration. If there are family members (dependents), the main applicant
should apply even earlier to allow sufficient time for processing both
their own and their dependents' applications.
Please note that currently, the Immigration Office requires all
appointments to be scheduled in advance through an online booking system
(https://e-request.am/en). The waiting periods for these appointments
may range from a few weeks to even longer, so it is important to
consider this factor when planning for an extension.
The renewal procedure is similar to that of the initial application. For
instance, a business owner would still need to be interviewed by an
immigration officer and show proof of active business operations, among
other requirements (refer to section 3 above for further information).
There are no restrictions on the number of times a residence permit can
be extended, and there is no requirement to spend a particular number of
days in Armenia to extend the residence permit. Moreover, it is possible
to apply for an extension remotely.

[]

Residence Cards and Re-issuance

Temporary and permanent residence cards are issued as separate paper
documents, except for work-based temporary residence cards, which are
issued as plastic cards. A residence card contains a photograph of its
holder and serves as an identification document. You may keep it in your
passport or carry it separately. It is not allowed to laminate the paper
residence card, as it may become necessary to write annotations or put
stamps on the card. If you are not present in Armenia, your lawyer or
other authorized representative can collect the residence card and mail
it to your foreign address.
The residence card also displays your passport number. If you change
your passport, you may also need to update your residence card (or the
immigration officer may make an annotation on the card). If your
residence card is lost or damaged, you can apply for a re-issuance by
paying a government fee of 12,000 drams (approximately $30). The new
card should be issued within a few days.

[]

[]

Temporary residence permit card

[]

[]

Permanent residence permit card

[]

[]

Temporary residence permit card based on work

[]

[]

Certificate of legal residence for EAEU citizens

[]

[]

Special residence permit/Special passport

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

6. Dealing with Complications

An application for a residence permit is typically rejected if the
security officer determines that the applicant has misrepresented their
situation, provided false documentation, poses a risk to the security of
the country, or for other reasons. The rejection letter will be mailed
to the applicant's address and will provide a certain period of time
(usually two months) to leave the country voluntarily.
If the applicant fails to leave the country voluntarily, the Immigration
Office will initiate deportation proceedings and send the case to court.
The foreigner may also be arrested and held in custody for up to 90
days. Deportation can also result in a three-year ban on entering the
country.
An alternative to leaving the country is to appeal the rejection in
court. To pursue this course of action, it is essential to hire a
qualified attorney who can properly file the case in court. Once the
case has been properly filed with the court, the foreigner should be
permitted to remain in the country while the case is pending. Court
proceedings can be lengthy and may take many months or even years.
If an application is rejected, the applicant may re-apply for a
residence permit only after a year has elapsed.

7. Path to Citizenship

If you have been living in Armenia permanently for the past three years,
you are eligible to apply for Armenian citizenship. However, the term
"permanent resident" is not clearly defined by the Citizenship Law. In
practice, the police will accept and process a citizenship application
if the applicant has maintained an Armenian residence permit (temporary,
permanent, or special) during the three-year period.
In addition to the residency requirement, you will need to pass a test
on your knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. This is a
multiple-choice test with 33 questions, and you only need to answer 17
of them correctly to pass. The test is administered in Armenian, and you
will be asked to fill out a biographic form in Armenian as well. This
means that you may need to spend some time (perhaps a couple of months)
learning basic Armenian.
It is important to note that meeting the above requirements does not
guarantee that your citizenship application will be approved. If your
application is rejected, you can reapply after one year. Additionally,
if your application is rejected, you can appeal the decision in court.
However, administrative court proceedings are likely to take up to one
year or even longer.

Armenia specifically allows dual citizenship, and you will not be
required to renounce any other citizenship.

Please be aware that only the Armenian passport is a travel document;
you cannot use an Armenian residence permit to travel to other
countries. As of 2024, the Armenian passport ranks 80th  according
to Henley & Partners Passport Index, and allows visa-free travel to 69
countries, including places with limited access to nationals of Western
countries, such as Russia, China, Iran, Uzbekistan, and others. The
EU/Schengen countries still have a visa regime with Armenia, but
visa-free travel may become possible in a few years. The United States
offers 10-year B visas to Armenian citizens as well as E-2 business
visas.

8. Other Practical Information

[]

Investing in Real Estate, Bank Deposits and Other Assets

Armenia presents a diverse range of investment opportunities
characterized by advantageous conditions for both domestic and
international investors. Whether the focus is on real estate or
financial markets, the nation boasts a streamlined and investor-friendly
process, fostering increased capital inflow. 

Real Property

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth. From April 2023 to March 2024, average prices per square meter
in the city center rose from $2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual
increase. This steady upward trend is part of a larger surge observed
over the last decade, where prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073
in 2023, totaling a 103% increase. This growth was particularly marked
by a dramatic 42.4% rise from 2021 to 2022.
The process of purchasing a property in Armenia is efficient and quick,
with the country ranking 13th out of 190 countries on the World Bank's
"Registering Property" index. It is even possible to buy properties
remotely without visiting the country.
Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes, and capital gains on the
sale of real property by an individual are generally not taxed. Property
tax rates range from 0% to 1% of the cadastral value, which is normally
significantly lower than the market value. Stamp duties are not
applicable, and only small official fees are paid, which do not depend
on the value of the property. Rental income up to 60 million Armenian
drams (approximately $155,000) per year is taxed at 10%, and rental
income exceeding that amount is taxed at 20%.
Foreigners can own 100% of real estate in Armenia, and they have the
same rights as locals to acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequeath, and
otherwise dispose of their property. There is no need for foreigners to
have a residence permit or any other links to Armenia. Overall, the real
estate market in Armenia offers great opportunities for foreign
investors seeking to diversify their portfolio and take advantage of a
growing economy.
You might want to consider buying off-plan property from real estate
developers and see non-taxable capital gains of 20-30% after the
construction is completed. There are many construction projects to
choose from, and you can find more information on websites such
as ArmEconomBank, ACBA Bank, Inecobank, Ameriabank, Red Invest Group,
and Construction.am.

Land and Farming
Lands in Armenia are classified according to their designated usage
(zoning), including agricultural, residential, industrial, energy,
forest, and more. Foreigners can directly own household and gardening
plots, lands designated for construction and maintenance of a homestead,
and residential and commercial development lands. Other types of land,
such as agricultural land, can be owned through a legal entity. Special
residence permit holders can own all types of land. There are some
restrictions on building on agricultural land, although small buildings
up to 30 sq. m. are allowed. In most rural communities, structures of up
to 300 sq. m. can be built on land exceeding 10,000 sq. m. It may also
be possible to change the zoning of land with the help of the local
municipality.
If you are interested in agricultural investments, you might consider
fruit farming or wine growing, which are one of the oldest economic
sectors in Armenia, with over 60,000 active entities in this industry.
The most popular forms of cultivation are grape, apricot, and peach. You
may choose to buy an existing farm or set up a new one, and you may be
eligible for a government subsidy. Two types of subsidies are available:
compensation of up to 50% of costs incurred in setting up a vineyard
(orchard) or a low-interest rate loan (2%) for a maximum amount of $2.9
million for vineyards, $5 million for orchards, and $4.7 million for
berry farms.

Stocks, Bonds, and Bank Deposits

If you are interested in investing in small and medium-sized businesses,
you can find offers on the Invest in Armenia
website: https://investin.am/investment-projects/. The Armenian stock
exchange also lists a few large
companies: https://amx.am/en/instruments/shares.
Although few companies are listed on the Armenian stock exchange, many
issue corporate bonds with relatively high yields (in excess of 11% in
local currency and 6% in USD). The Armenian government also issues both
short-term and long-term bonds, typically with annual interest rates
above 10%. You can find more information on the stock exchange website
and at moneymarket.am.
Interest paid on bank deposits in Armenia is relatively high, with
annual rates up to 10% for local currency deposits and 5% for USD
deposits. Deposits can also be made in euros and Russian Rubles, and
information on current deposit interest rates is available
at moneymarket.am. Although the Armenian dram has appreciated against
the USD by around 20% in 2022, exchange rates have been mostly stable
over the last few decades. Banks typically withhold a 10% tax on
interest payments. You can also find information on current prices of
gold bars (ranging from 1 gram to 1,000 grams) at moneymarket.am. Most
banks offer safety box services, allowing you to purchase gold bars and
keep them in a secure location.
All banks in Armenia are licensed and closely regulated by the Central
Bank of Armenia. A deposit insurance system is also in place, covering
deposits up to AMD 16 million (around $41,000) for local currency
deposits and AMD 7 million (around $18,000) for foreign currency
deposits. However, the system has never been used as there have been no
bank runs in recent history.

[]

Banking and Financial Services

Armenia has a well-established banking system, with 18 privately owned
banks regulated by the Central Bank. Among them, HSBC is an
international bank, while many local banks have foreign capital from
countries such as Russia (VTB), France (ACBA), Lebanon (Byblos, ID),
Argentina (Converse), Iran (Mellat), and others. Armenian banks offer
modern banking services, including online and mobile banking, debit and
credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx), accounts in various currencies
(USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY), gold metal accounts, wealth
management, private banking, and safety deposit boxes. They also have
low charges, strong privacy, and high-quality customer service.

[]

Healthcare and Insurance

In Armenia, individuals are not required by law to have health
insurance. However, all six licensed insurance companies offer health
insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300 to $600 per
person. These companies are SIL Insurance, Liga Insurance, Nairi
Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Reso, and Armenia Insurance.

[]

Company Registration

Setting up an LLC in Armenia is a quick and uncomplicated process, which
can be completed entirely remotely. There are no limitations on foreign
ownership or management of companies, no minimum investment
requirements, and no renewal fees to worry about. Shareholders are
afforded limited liability and can utilize the LLC structure for
purposes of asset protection or tax optimization. Armenia also boasts
favorable tax regulations for small businesses, with many being
completely exempt from taxes. Furthermore, IT companies can benefit from
special tax incentives.
Benefits: Registering an LLC in Armenia has several advantages,
including:

-   Fast registration process (typically within a couple of days)
-   Shareholders enjoy limited liability
-   Minimal documentation requirements (only passports are needed)
-   No restrictions on foreign ownership or directorship
-   No minimum capital requirements
-   No need to engage local partners, agents, managers, secretaries,
    etc.
-   Permanent existence with no renewal fees
-   Bank accounts available in various currencies
-   No restrictions on repatriation of profits and capital

For more information, please see the page on incorporation.
Taxation: Armenia offers favorable tax rates for small businesses. Many
types of businesses with annual sales below AMD 24 million (equivalent
to around $62,000 as of March 2023) are exempt from income tax. Other
businesses with annual sales below AMD 115 million (around $297,000) are
also exempt from income tax but are subject to a sales tax (turnover
tax) of 5% or less. Newly registered IT companies and firms operating in
free economic zones, industrial zones, and certain border towns and
villages are also eligible for tax exemptions.
An LLC registered in Armenia is considered a tax resident of Armenia and
is taxed on its worldwide income. Tax rates are generally the same
regardless of whether income comes from Armenia or another country.
Asset Protection: An Armenian LLC can be used as a holding company for
assets. Setting up a tax-exempt "microbusiness" LLC can be advantageous
for receiving passive income, such as dividends, of up to AMD 24 million
(around $62,000) annually. Additionally, income from the sale of
financial assets is not subject to taxation, regardless of the amount.
However, it is important to avoid being classified as an "investment
company," which requires licensing.
While it is possible to use an LLC to own real estate in Armenia or
other countries, Armenian tax laws generally make it more beneficial to
own such property as an individual to avoid capital gains tax on sales
between individuals.
Armenian law does not recognize trusts, so assets are typically held
through an LLC or other corporate structures such as a joint-stock
company, foundation, or consumer cooperative. Nominee and corporate
shareholders and directors are allowed, but companies must file annual
statements disclosing the ultimate beneficial owners (UBO).

[]

Marriage Registration

Foreigners can get married in Armenia without any requirement to live or
have ties to the country. The registration process is typically quick
and can be completed in as little as two business days. However, both
individuals need to provide a "non-marriage" certificate from their
country of permanent residence to confirm their marital status. If a
non-marriage certificate cannot be obtained, an affidavit may be used
instead. These documents must be legalized, either by Apostille or
consular legalization, and translated into Armenian before they can be
submitted to the Armenian Ministry of Justice. Remote registration with
a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

Driving License

Obtaining an Armenian driving license is a two-step process that
involves taking a computer-based driving theory test and a practical
driving test. The theory test questions are available in Armenian,
Russian, English, Arabic, and Farsi. There are a total of 1,116
questions, and the test consists of 20 questions with only two incorrect
answers allowed. To register for the test, you can visit the
website roadpolice.am and wait for notification about the time and place
of the test. If you pass the theory test, you will be allowed to take
the driving test immediately. In addition, it is possible to exchange
your foreign driving license for an Armenian one if your license is
issued by a country that is party to the 1968 Vienna Convention.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Navigating the Digital Nomad Visa Process: How to Become a Resident of Armenia

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a nation rich in heritage and brimming with opportunities. At
Vardanyan & Partners, our mission is to facilitate your journey, whether
you are an individual seeking a new life chapter or a business aiming to
explore Armenia's dynamic market. We hope that this website will provide
you with all the information you need. Should you have any queries or
need further guidance, our team is readily accessible. Reach out via our
contact form, email us at [email protected], or connect with us through
phone or messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber, Telegram, or Skype at
+374.99.00.11.67.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Welcome to Vardanyan & Partners. As the Managing Attorney of this firm,
I am proud to represent a team dedicated to providing comprehensive
legal services in Armenia. Our approach is grounded in professionalism,
integrity, and a deep understanding of the unique legal landscape of our
country. We believe in creating value through our commitment to client
service, ensuring each client receives the attention and expertise their
situation demands. Please feel free to contact us via email at
[email protected] or call us at +374.99.00.11.67. We are here to assist
you in navigating the opportunities that Armenia has to offer.

Services

Residency by Investment

Investors can obtain a residence permit in Armenia without being
actively involved in day-to-day management of the business. Armenia has
liberal immigration laws that allow various ways of becoming a resident,
such as investing in existing businesses or in agriculture. Purchasing
an existing business or a share in one can also qualify an investor for
residency.

[]

learn more

Digital Nomad Visa

Armenia offers temporary and permanent residence permits to digital
nomads and their family members, who can apply remotely with only a
valid passport. There is no minimum stay requirement. After three years
of residence, it is possible to apply for Armenian citizenship and dual
citizenship is allowed. The cost of living in Armenia is low and there
are many investment opportunities available.

[]

LEARN MORE

Citizenship

Armenian citizenship provides visa-free travel to 65 countries, which
includes nations that are restricted to western nationals. Having dual
citizenship in Armenia can serve as an "insurance policy" and can be
passed down to future generations or renounced

[]

LEARN MORE

Work Permit & Worker Relocation

Armenia requires a work permit for most foreign nationals to work in the
country, except for highly skilled foreign specialists, business owners,
executives, and certain other categories of workers. The permit must be
applied for by the legal employer and is issued for the duration of the
employment contract but no longer than one year.

[]

LEARN MORE

Special Passport

The special residence permit, which is issued in the form of a passport,
is valid for 10 years and can be extended indefinitely in 10-year
increments. It is generally issued to foreigners of Armenian origin and,
in some exceptional cases, non-Armenians engaged in economic or cultural
activities in Armenia.

[]

LEARN MORE

Residency & Address Registration

An Armenian residence permit allows visa-free travel and unrestricted
stay in the country and the right to engage in any lawful activities,
such as working, studying, or retiring. Foreigners who are residents in
Armenia are required to have a registered address for official notices
and other purposes. 

[]

LEARN MORE

Incorporation

Armenia provides a range of benefits for business owners, including
quick and simple registration processes, affordable registration fees,
minimal tax burdens, no restrictions on foreign ownership, and the
opportunity for residency and citizenship. The country also boasts a
highly educated yet low-cost workforce, a favorable investment climate,
and a thriving diaspora community.

[]

LEARN MORE

Employer of Record

An Employer of Record (EOR) is a third-party that hires and pays an
employee on behalf of another company, handling all employment tasks
such as payroll and compliance with labor laws. EOR services allow
companies to streamline international growth, reduce liabilities and
compliance risks, and convert freelancers and contractors into
employees.

[]

LEARN MORE

Tax Registration & SSN

To deal with various government agencies and banks, one can apply for
and obtain a social security number (SSN). Additionally, any person can
apply for and obtain a tax identification number, and a tax residency
certificate can be issued to those who have spent at least 183 days in a
year in Armenia or to those who have their "center of vital interests"
in Armenia.

[]

LEARN MORE

Marriage Registration

Foreigners can register their marriage in Armenia without any
requirement to reside in the country or show other ties to it. The
process is usually fast, taking as little as two business days. Remote
registration with a power of attorney may also be possible.

[]

LEARN MORE

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2022.06.08 RBI (Digital Nomad Form)

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Register as a taxpayer in Armenia

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

Medical & dental plans

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Purchasing a house or an apartment

Investing in land

Making a bank deposit

Investing in a business or a franchise

Hiring workers in Armenia

Investing in precious objects

Living in Armenia

Learning the Armenian language

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

[]

 Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

[]

learn more

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

[]

learn more

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

[]

learn more

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

[]

learn more

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

[]

learn more

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

[]

learn more

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

Privacy Policy

[]



[]

[]

Contact us:
[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | Skype | WhatsApp | Viber 

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

Thank you for contacting us 

We will reply to your inquiry soon

Take a moment to sign up to our newsletter!

Email *

Sign Up

Copyright 2024 - Vardanyan & Partners LLC

[]



[]

Privacy Policy

Last Updated: April 12, 2024

Welcome to Armenian-Lawyer.com. Your privacy is critically important to
us. Armenian-Lawyer.com is committed to protecting your personal
information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or
concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your
personal information, please contact us at [email protected].

By using our website, you consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its
terms.

Information We Collect

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our
services, when participating in activities on the Website, or otherwise
when contacting us.

The personal information we collect can include the following:

-   Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email
    address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact
    data.

How We Use Your Information

We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of
business purposes described below:

-   To provide and maintain our Website, including to monitor the usage
    of our Website.
-   To contact you: To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or
    other equivalent forms of electronic communication.
-   To provide you with news, special offers, and general information
    about other goods, services, and events that we offer.

Sharing Your Personal Information

We may share or disclose your personal information in the following
situations:

-   For business transfers: We may share or transfer your personal
    information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
    merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or
    a portion of our business to another company.
-   With your consent: We may disclose your personal information for any
    other purpose with your consent.

Retention of Your Personal Information

We will retain your personal information only for as long as is
necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.

Security of Your Personal Information

The security of your personal information is important to us, but
remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you
of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us
at [email protected].

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   []Registration
    -   []Business Opportunities
    -   []Taxation
    -   []Employment
    -   []Employer of Record
    -   []Outsourcing
    -   []Trademark
    -   []Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   []Residence
    -   []Residence by Investment
    -   []Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   []Citizenship
    -   []Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in
Armenia

According to official statistics published by the Cadastral Office, the
real estate market in the center of Yerevan has demonstrated significant
growth, with a notable increase in the last year. From April 2023 to
March 2024, average prices per square meter in the city center rose from
$2,102 to $2,295, reflecting a 9.2% annual increase. This steady upward
trend is part of a larger surge observed over the last decade, where
prices soared from $1,021 in 2012 to $2,073 in 2023, totaling a 103%
increase. This growth was particularly marked by a dramatic 42.4% rise
from 2021 to 2022.

Retirement in Armenia

[]

To help you make an informed decision, we cover several key aspects of
retiring in this country.
Tax Considerations: Armenia offers a tax-friendly environment, with no
tax on pensions or insurance income, capital gains, gifts, and
inheritance.

Visa and Residency: Armenia is known for its liberal immigration laws,
allowing nationals of many countries to visit visa-free and stay
long-term. For detailed information on visa and residency requirements,
please visit our website.
Safety and Security: Armenia ranks as one of the safest countries
globally. For current safety rankings and crime statistics, refer
to Numbeo's Safety Rankings.
Connectivity and Internet Access: The country boasts high-speed,
affordable internet, ensuring you stay connected with loved ones and
global happenings effortlessly.
Property Ownership: Foreigners face no restrictions on owning real
estate and most land types, providing flexibility in finding your ideal
home.
Cost of Living and Domestic Assistance: The cost of living is relatively
low, and affordable labor makes it easier to find domestic help.
Detailed cost information is available on Numbeo.
Healthcare System: Armenia has an accessible healthcare system with both
public and private options, and health insurance is reasonably priced at
around USD 200-500 annually.
Community and Social Integration: Vibrant expatriate groups such as
the Armenian Repatriates Network and Expats in Republic of Armenia
provide excellent resources for networking and integration.

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship and Residency Programs 

Explore and compare a range of citizenship and residency programs from
around the world. This page provides a straightforward comparison to
help you find the program that best suits your needs for global mobility
and lifestyle opportunities.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

FAQs on Citizenship and Residency Programs

[]

How Can Financially Independent Individuals Obtain EU Residency?

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Country Name          | Minimum Monthly       | Additional            |
|                       | Income                | Requirements          |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Austria               | €2,436                | Secure appropriate    |
|                       |                       | accommodation, obtain |
|                       |                       | health insurance, and |
|                       |                       | demonstrate basic     |
|                       |                       | German language       |
|                       |                       | skills (A1 level).    |
|                       |                       | Note that Austria has |
|                       |                       | annual quotas for     |
|                       |                       | first-time            |
|                       |                       | applicants.           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| France                | €1,333                | Obtain a Long-Stay    |
|                       |                       | visa from the French  |
|                       |                       | consulate and secure  |
|                       |                       | valid health          |
|                       |                       | insurance for the     |
|                       |                       | duration of your stay |
|                       |                       | in France             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Greece                | €2,000                | Obtain private health |
|                       |                       | insurance, a police   |
|                       |                       | clearance             |
|                       |                       | certificate, and a    |
|                       |                       | medical certificate.  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Italy                 | €2,600                | Demonstrate stable    |
|                       |                       | income from sources   |
|                       |                       | like pensions or      |
|                       |                       | rental earnings, have |
|                       |                       | suitable long-term    |
|                       |                       | accommodation, and    |
|                       |                       | obtain health         |
|                       |                       | insurance with        |
|                       |                       | €60,000 coverage.     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Luxembourg            | €2,250                | Have permanent        |
|                       |                       | accommodation in      |
|                       |                       | Luxembourg, either    |
|                       |                       | rented or purchased.  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Portugal              | €705                  | Demonstrate financial |
|                       |                       | self-sufficiency      |
|                       |                       | through recurring     |
|                       |                       | income or savings and |
|                       |                       | provide proof of      |
|                       |                       | accommodation in      |
|                       |                       | Portugal.             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Spain                 | €2,400                | Obtain health         |
|                       |                       | insurance, a criminal |
|                       |                       | record check          |
|                       |                       | certificate, bank     |
|                       |                       | statements, and tax   |
|                       |                       | returns. Provide a    |
|                       |                       | notarized affidavit   |
|                       |                       | stating that you      |
|                       |                       | agree not to work     |
|                       |                       | while residing in     |
|                       |                       | Spain.                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

How Can Entrepreneurs Obtain EU Residency Through Business Ownership?

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Country Name          | Minimum investment    | Additional            |
|                       |                       | Requirements          |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Bulgaria              | N/A                   | Register a trade      |
|                       |                       | representative office |
|                       |                       | in Bulgaria, proving  |
|                       |                       | the foreign company’s |
|                       |                       | good standing. Then,  |
|                       |                       | apply for a D type    |
|                       |                       | visa and, upon        |
|                       |                       | arrival, apply for a  |
|                       |                       | residence permit.     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Denmark               | N/A                   | Obtain a 2-year       |
|                       |                       | Startup Visa as a     |
|                       |                       | foreign entrepreneur  |
|                       |                       | by getting your       |
|                       |                       | business idea         |
|                       |                       | approved by a panel   |
|                       |                       | of experts.           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Estonia               | €65,000               | Participate in a      |
|                       |                       | company, work as a    |
|                       |                       | sole proprietor, or   |
|                       |                       | invest in a business, |
|                       |                       | using various         |
|                       |                       | financial elements as |
|                       |                       | part of your          |
|                       |                       | investment.           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Italy                 | N/A                   | Set up a              |
|                       |                       | non-commercial office |
|                       |                       | in Italy. Show        |
|                       |                       | taxable income above  |
|                       |                       | the current minimum   |
|                       |                       | Italian welfare       |
|                       |                       | payment (€6,542).     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Latvia                | €50,000               | Pay an additional     |
|                       |                       | €10,000 state fee and |
|                       |                       | demonstrate an annual |
|                       |                       | tax payment of        |
|                       |                       | €40,000.              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Lithuania             | €29,000               | Operate in Lithuania  |
|                       |                       | for at least six      |
|                       |                       | months and hire at    |
|                       |                       | least three           |
|                       |                       | Lithuanian citizens   |
|                       |                       | or permanent          |
|                       |                       | residents with an     |
|                       |                       | average local salary. |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Norway                | €100,000              | Invest in a           |
|                       |                       | qualifying business   |
|                       |                       | and create jobs.      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Poland                | €100,000              | Invest in a Polish    |
|                       |                       | commercial entity,    |
|                       |                       | create jobs, and      |
|                       |                       | demonstrate an annual |
|                       |                       | income of at least    |
|                       |                       | €15,000.              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Romania               | €50,000               | Demonstrate a minimum |
|                       |                       | monthly income of     |
|                       |                       | €500, invest in a     |
|                       |                       | company's initial     |
|                       |                       | assets, and create 10 |
|                       |                       | full-time jobs.       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Slovenia              | €50,000               | Register a business,  |
|                       |                       | invest €7,500 in      |
|                       |                       | paid-up capital,      |
|                       |                       | demonstrate a monthly |
|                       |                       | turnover of €10,000,  |
|                       |                       | and employ Slovenian  |
|                       |                       | or EU citizens.       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sweden                | €17,000               | Demonstrate           |
|                       |                       | sufficient funds to   |
|                       |                       | support yourself and  |
|                       |                       | your family, have     |
|                       |                       | business management   |
|                       |                       | experience, and hold  |
|                       |                       | at least a 50%        |
|                       |                       | ownership stake in    |
|                       |                       | the enterprise.       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Country Name          | Financial             | Additional            |
|                       | Requirement           | Requirements          |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Canada                | Minimum bank balance  | Applicants must       |
|                       | of C$13,215           | secure the financial  |
|                       |                       | backing of external,  |
|                       |                       | accredited investors  |
|                       |                       | for the startup they  |
|                       |                       | plan to launch.       |
|                       |                       | C$200,000 commitment  |
|                       |                       | from designated       |
|                       |                       | Canadian venture      |
|                       |                       | capital funds or      |
|                       |                       | C$75,000 commitment   |
|                       |                       | from investors part   |
|                       |                       | of designated         |
|                       |                       | Canadian angel        |
|                       |                       | investor groups;      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Japan                 | Minimum Investment of | Provide a             |
|                       | US$34,000             | satisfactory and      |
|                       |                       | plausible business    |
|                       |                       | plan, demonstrate     |
|                       |                       | relevant professional |
|                       |                       | experience, have a    |
|                       |                       | co-founder or         |
|                       |                       | co-director who is a  |
|                       |                       | legal resident of     |
|                       |                       | Japan, employ at      |
|                       |                       | least two full-time   |
|                       |                       | legal residents of    |
|                       |                       | Japan in the          |
|                       |                       | business.             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| UK                    | Minimum bank balance  | An original business  |
|                       | of £1,270             | idea which is         |
|                       |                       | different from        |
|                       |                       | anything else on the  |
|                       |                       | market, evidence of   |
|                       |                       | planning that         |
|                       |                       | includes creating     |
|                       |                       | jobs and growing into |
|                       |                       | national and          |
|                       |                       | international         |
|                       |                       | markets, a B2 level   |
|                       |                       | of English.           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| USA                   | $100,000              | The applicant must    |
|                       |                       | own at least 50% of   |
|                       |                       | the US business, the  |
|                       |                       | applicant must        |
|                       |                       | develop and direct    |
|                       |                       | the business.         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

How Can Financially Independent Individuals Obtain Residency in other countries?

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Country Name          | Minimum Monthly       | Additional            |
|                       | Income                | Requirements          |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Argentina             | $2,000                | The application must  |
|                       |                       | be accompanied by a   |
|                       |                       | clean criminal        |
|                       |                       | record. Under the     |
|                       |                       | Financier Visa,       |
|                       |                       | you’re not allowed to |
|                       |                       | work as someone’s     |
|                       |                       | employee. However,    |
|                       |                       | you can be            |
|                       |                       | self-employed or      |
|                       |                       | start a business.     |
|                       |                       | Upon each renewal,    |
|                       |                       | you’ll have to prove  |
|                       |                       | your income and its   |
|                       |                       | sufficiency to        |
|                       |                       | support your stay in  |
|                       |                       | Argentina again.      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Barbados              | $8,300                | International health  |
|                       |                       | insurance covering at |
|                       |                       | least the first 12    |
|                       |                       | months and proof of   |
|                       |                       | suitable              |
|                       |                       | accommodation in      |
|                       |                       | Barbados.             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Chile                 | $1,500                | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Colombia              | $2,200                | Hold an international |
|                       |                       | health insurance with |
|                       |                       | coverage of at least  |
|                       |                       | US$60,000 and pay the |
|                       |                       | application fee of    |
|                       |                       | US$285.               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Costa Rica            | $2,500                | Police clearance      |
|                       |                       | certificate.          |
|                       |                       | Demonstrate that      |
|                       |                       | you’ll receive a      |
|                       |                       | regular monthly       |
|                       |                       | income for the next   |
|                       |                       | two years.            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Dominican Republic    | $2,000                | Clean criminal record |
|                       |                       | and absence of        |
|                       |                       | contagious deceases   |
|                       |                       | and mental illness.   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Ecuador               | $1,350                | Strict physical       |
|                       |                       | presence requirements |
|                       |                       | of 275 days per year. |
|                       |                       | Income should take a  |
|                       |                       | passive form, such as |
|                       |                       | that arising from     |
|                       |                       | investments, rental,  |
|                       |                       | annuities, and        |
|                       |                       | similar.              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Mexico                | $4,350                | The applicant must    |
|                       |                       | demonstrate a minimum |
|                       |                       | monthly balance over  |
|                       |                       | the last 12 months.   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Nicaragua             | $750                  | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Panama                | $1,000                | Physical presence     |
|                       |                       | requirement at least  |
|                       |                       | one visit a year.     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Uruguay               | $1,500                | Police clearance,     |
|                       |                       | medical certificate   |
|                       |                       | (from Uruguay),       |
|                       |                       | vaccine certificate.  |
|                       |                       | Physical presence     |
|                       |                       | requirement 6 months  |
|                       |                       | per year              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Venezuela             | $1,200                | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

How can retired individuals obtain residency in different countries?

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Country Name          | Minimum Monthly       | Additional            |
|                       | Income                | Requirements          |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Brazil                | $2,000                | The applicant must    |
|                       |                       | actually be retired.  |
|                       |                       | Clean criminal        |
|                       |                       | background check,     |
|                       |                       | private health        |
|                       |                       | insurance.            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Colombia              | $700                  | Police clearance and  |
|                       |                       | medical certificates. |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Costa Rica            | $1,000                | Police clearance      |
|                       |                       | certificate.          |
|                       |                       | Demonstrate a         |
|                       |                       | lifetime              |
|                       |                       | pension/monthly       |
|                       |                       | income.               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Indonesia             | $1,500                | Proof of              |
|                       |                       | accommodation in      |
|                       |                       | Indonesia, in the     |
|                       |                       | form of either a      |
|                       |                       | long-term rental      |
|                       |                       | agreement or a title  |
|                       |                       | deed to a residential |
|                       |                       | property.             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Mauritius             | $1,500                | Individuals over 50   |
|                       |                       | years of age. Police  |
|                       |                       | clearance             |
|                       |                       | certificate, medical  |
|                       |                       | certificate.          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Nicaragua             | $600                  | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Philippines           | $800                  | Retirees over 50      |
|                       |                       | years old. The        |
|                       |                       | applicant must first  |
|                       |                       | deposit US$10,000.    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

Caribbean & Pacific Passports

The Caribbean's citizenship by investment programs offer unique benefits
set against the backdrop of stunning landscapes and welcoming
communities. Each program presents distinct advantages: 

-   Dominica is most accessible for individuals, with costs starting at
    $109,750.
-   Antigua and Barbuda offer the best value for couples ($148,600) and
    families of 6 ($173,000).
-   St. Lucia provides the most economical option for families with
    three children ($184,000).
-   St. Kitts and Nevis boast the most powerful passport with access to
    158 countries.
-   St. Lucia stands out with its government bond investment option.
-   Antigua and Grenada extend eligibility to include unmarried
    siblings.
-   Antigua uniquely requires a minimal physical stay.
-   Grenada is exclusive in offering an E-2 visa treaty with the US,
    appealing to those looking towards business opportunities in the US.

Following a recent MoU signed by the Prime Ministers of Antigua &
Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, and Saint Kitts & Nevis, it is anticipated
that these programs will adopt a uniform minimum investment threshold of
$200,000, tentatively by the end of June 2024. Additionally, it is
likely that participants will be required to visit the respective
country at least once.

[]

Investment Options and Program Details

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | Antigua | D       | Grenada | St.     | St.     | Vanuatu |
| riteria | and     | ominica |         | Kitts   | Lucia   |         |
|         | Barbuda |         |         | and     |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Nevis   |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| Inv     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| estment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Options |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Minimum | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       |
| D       | 100,000 | 100,000 | 150,000 | 250,000 | 100,000 | 130,000 |
| onation |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Minimum | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | N/A     |
| Real    | 400,000 | 200,000 | 220,000 | 400,000 | 200,000 |         |
| Estate  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Inv     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| estment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Minimum | N/A     |         |         |         | $       | N/A     |
| Inv     |         |         |         |         | 300,000 |         |
| estment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| in      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Gov     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ernment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Bonds   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Program |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Details |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Appl    | $30,300 | $1,250  | $3,000  | $350    | $2,000  | N/A     |
| ication |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Pro     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| cessing |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Fee     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Ap      | $7,500  | $7,500  | $ 5,000 | $10,000 | $8,000  | $5,500  |
| plicant |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Due     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Di      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ligence |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Fee     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| In      | $1,500  | $1,000  | N/A     |         |         |         |
| terview |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Fee     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Minimum | 5 years |         |         | 7 years | 5 years | N/A     |
| Holding |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Period  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| for     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Real    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Estate  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Inv     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| estment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (USD)   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       |
| for 1   | 139,300 | 109,750 | 159,000 | 260,350 | 110,000 | 135,500 |
| Adult   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       |
| for 2   | 148,600 | 169,500 | 218,000 | 317,850 | 156,000 | 155,500 |
| Adults  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       |
| for 2   | 153,200 | 201,000 | 222,000 | 367,850 | 168,000 | 185,500 |
| A       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dults + |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 2       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| C       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| hildren |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       | $       |
| for 2   | 195,500 | 229,250 | 249,000 | 417,850 | 184,000 | 200,500 |
| A       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| dults + |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 3       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| C       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| hildren |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Cost    | $       | $       | $       |         | $       | $       |
| for 2   | 173,000 | 257,500 | 276,000 | $       | 200,000 | 215,500 |
| A       |         |         |         | 467,850 |         |         |
| dults + |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| 4       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| C       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| hildren |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

[]

Program Benefits

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | Antigua | D       | Grenada | St.     | St.     | Vanuatu |
| riteria | and     | ominica |         | Kitts   | Lucia   |         |
|         | Barbuda |         |         | and     |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Nevis   |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| Program |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| B       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| enefits |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| P       | 10      | 10      | 5 years | 10      | 5 years | 10      |
| assport | years   | years   |         | years   |         | years   |
| V       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| alidity |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Henley  | 27th    | 34th    | 31st    | 26th    | 31st    | 59th    |
| P       |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| assport |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Ranking |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Vi      | S       |         |         |         |         | 80      |
| sa-Free | chengen |         |         |         |         | cou     |
| Travel  | cou     |         |         |         |         | ntries, |
| or Visa | ntries, |         |         |         |         | incl.   |
| on      | Sin     |         |         |         |         | Bosnia, |
| Arrival | gapore, |         |         |         |         | Israel, |
|         | Hong    |         |         |         |         | Ma      |
|         | Kong    |         |         |         |         | laysia, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Mont    |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | enegro, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Russia, |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | Sey     |
|         |         |         |         |         |         | chelles |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
|         | 150     | 137     | 145     | 158     | 148     |         |
|         | cou     | cou     | cou     | cou     | cou     |         |
|         | ntries, | ntries, | ntries, | ntries, | ntries, |         |
|         | incl.   | incl.   | incl.   | incl.   | incl.   |         |
|         | A       | Brazil, | Arg     |  A      | Arg     |         |
|         | lbania, | China,  | entina, | lbania, | entina, |         |
|         | Brazil, | Israel, | Brazil, | Arg     | Chile,  |         |
|         | Chile,  | Seyc    | Chile,  | entina, | Israel, |         |
|         | China,  | helles, | China,  | Brazil, | Seyc    |         |
|         | L       | South   | Israel, | Chile,  | helles, |         |
|         | ebanon, | Korea,  | Russia, | Israel, | South   |         |
|         | Mac     | Uruguay | Seyc    | L       | Korea,  |         |
|         | edonia, |         | helles, | ebanon, | T       |         |
|         | Seyc    |         | South   | Mac     | unisia, |         |
|         | helles, |         | Korea,  | edonia, | UK      |         |
|         | South   |         | UK,     | Russia, |         |         |
|         | Africa, |         | Uruguay | T       |         |         |
|         | South   |         |         | unisia, |         |         |
|         | Korea,  |         |         | UK,     |         |         |
|         | T       |         |         | U       |         |         |
|         | unisia, |         |         | ruguay  |         |         |
|         | UK      |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| E-2     | No      |         | Yes     | No      |         |         |
| Visa    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Treaty  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| with    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| the US  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may require
additional documentation to demonstrate that the applicant has
established a continuous domicile in the treaty country indicated in
their application. This period of domicile should be for at least three
years at any time prior to applying for E-2 classification. Generally,
domicile refers to the place where an individual has a permanent
residence.

[]

Family Inclusion and Other Requirements

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | Antigua | D       | Grenada | St.     | St.     | Vanuatu |
| riteria | and     | ominica |         | Kitts   | Lucia   |         |
|         | Barbuda |         |         | and     |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Nevis   |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| Family  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| In      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| clusion |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | Under   | Unm     | De      | Under   | Under   | Under   |
| hildren | 30      | arried, | pendent | 26      | 31      | 25,     |
| Age     |         | under   |         |         |         | un      |
| Limit   |         | 31      |         |         |         | married |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Parents | Over 55 | Over 65 | Over 55 | Over 65 | Over 55 | Over 65 |
| Age     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Limit   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| S       | Un      | N/A     | Over    | N/A     | Under   | N/A     |
| iblings | married |         | 18,     |         | 18      |         |
| In      |         |         | unm     |         |         |         |
| clusion |         |         | arried, |         |         |         |
| C       |         |         | no      |         |         |         |
| riteria |         |         | c       |         |         |         |
|         |         |         | hildren |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Add     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| itional |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Requi   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| rements |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Minimum | 5       | N/A     |         |         |         |         |
| Stay    | da      |         |         |         |         |         |
| Requi   | ys/year |         |         |         |         |         |
| rement  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| In      | Yes     | Yes     | No      | Yes     | No      | No      |
| terview |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

[]

Country Profile

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| C       | Antigua | D       | Grenada | St.     | St.     | Vanuatu |
| riteria | and     | ominica |         | Kitts   | Lucia   |         |
|         | Barbuda |         |         | and     |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Nevis   |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
| Country |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Profile |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Non-E   | Afgh    | Belarus | Belarus | Afgh    | Belarus | Iran    |
| ligible | anistan | North   | Iran    | anistan |         |         |
| Co      | Iran    | Korea   | North   |         | Iran    | Iraq    |
| untries |         | N       | Korea   | Belarus | Russia  |         |
|         | North   | orthern |         |         |         | North   |
|         | Korea   | Iraq    | Russia  | Iran    |         | Korea   |
|         |         |         |         | Iraq    |         |         |
|         | Somalia | Russia  |         | North   |         | Yemen   |
|         | Sudan   |         |         | Korea   |         |         |
|         | Yemen   | Sudan   |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         | Russia  |         |         |
|         |         | Yemen   |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Pop     | 93,000  | 72,000  | 112,000 | 53,000  | 184,000 | 319,137 |
| ulation | (22,000 | (14,500 | (33,700 | (14,000 | (20,000 | (51,437 |
|         | in St.  | in      | in St.  | in      | in      | in Port |
|         | John's) | Roseau) | Ge      | Bass    | Ca      | Vila)   |
|         |         |         | orge's) | eterre) | stries) |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Human   | 0.82,   | 0.74,   | 0.79,   | 0.83,   | 0,72,   | 0.61,   |
| Deve    | 54th    | 97th    | 73rd    | 51st    | 109th   | 140th   |
| lopment |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Index   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
|         |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (higher |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| score   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pref    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erable) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Po      | 82.55   | 95.75   | 85.38   | 82.55   | 77.83   | 83.02   |
| litical |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| St      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| ability |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Index   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (higher |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| score   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pref    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erable) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Crim    | 2.98    | 2.63    | 2.93    | 3.52    | 3.53    | 2.43    |
| inality |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Score   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| (lower  |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| score   |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| is      |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| pref    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| erable) |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Foreign | 0%      | Up to   | 0%      | 0%      | 0-30%   | 0%      |
| Income  |         | 35%     |         |         |         |         |
| Tax     |         |         |         |         |         |         |
| Rate    |         |         |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Antigua & Barbuda and Grenada offer exceptions for nationals of Iran and
Afghanistan, provided they meet specific criteria such as migrating
before adulthood or maintaining permanent residence in designated
countries for a specified period, and demonstrating no economic ties to
their home country.

Learn More About Each Program

[]

Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda, an independent state within the Commonwealth, lies
in the Eastern Caribbean, flaunting 365 stunning beaches with pristine
turquoise waters. This paradise is a significant draw for tourism,
accounting for 60% of the nation's GDP, with the U.S., Canada, and
Europe being primary markets. Established via the Antigua and Barbuda
Citizenship by Investment Regulations 2014, the citizenship by
investment program allows for citizenship through various investment
avenue.
Program Advantages:

-   Family-Friendly Investment: Unique to Antigua and Barbuda, the
    program offers a special investment route for families of six or
    more, with a contribution starting at $150,000 to the University of
    the West Indies Fund, making it the most cost-effective option in
    the Caribbean.
-   Global Mobility: The Antigua and Barbuda passport provides visa-free
    or visa-on-arrival access to over 150 countries, including the
    Schengen Area and the UK, enhancing global travel ease.
-   U.S. Visa Opportunity: Eligibility for a 10-year B-1/B-2 visitor
    visa to the USA, allowing extensive travel, business, and medical
    treatment opportunities.
-   Financial Benefits: No taxation on personal income, inheritance, or
    capital gains for citizens, with tax residents exempt from taxes on
    dividends, interest, or royalties.
-   Efficient Process: Citizenship can be acquired within just 3 months
    through a remote and straightforward application process, without
    mandatory language or history tests.
-   Inclusive Family Application: The inclusion of spouses, children
    under 30, parents over 55, and unmarried siblings.
-   Dual Citizenship: Recognized, without the requirement to renounce
    other citizenships.

Investment Options:

1.  National Development Fund (NDF) Contribution: A non-refundable
    donation starting at $100,000 for a family of up to four, with
    varying amounts for larger families.
2.  Real Estate Investment: A minimum of $400,000 in approved projects,
    held for at least five years, with joint investment options
    available.
3.  Business Investment: Direct investment starting at $1,500,000, or
    joint ventures with a total investment of at least $5,000,000.
4.  University of the West Indies Fund: A contribution of $150,000 for
    families of six or more, including tuition for one family member at
    the University of the West Indies.

Requirements:
Applicants must be over 18 and meet all application criteria, including
a minimum residency of 5 days within the first 5 years of citizenship.
Mandatory interviews are required for the principal applicant and
children over 16 years.
Application Process:
The process involves selecting an investment option, completing all
required documentation, and undergoing due diligence checks. Successful
applicants receive citizenship certificates and passports, which can be
collected in Antigua and Barbuda or at an embassy or consulate.
Deprivation of Citizenship:
Citizenship may be revoked if the individual does not meet the residency
requirement or in cases of fraud, sedition, or treason․

[]

Dominica

Nestled in the heart of the Caribbean, the Commonwealth of Dominica has
been offering its citizenship by investment program since 1993, aimed at
enriching its agriculture-centric economy. The island spans 750 km² and
is home to approximately 74,000 people, including the last surviving
native Carib population in the Caribbean. Dominica prides itself on an
almost negligible crime rate and uses the Eastern Caribbean dollar,
pegged to the US dollar, providing a stable economic climate. Offering
visa-free access to more than 130 countries, including the Schengen
area,  Singapore, Hong Kong, and China, Dominica's citizenship program
is both a doorway to the world and an investment in paradise.
Legally rooted in § 101 of the nation’s constitution and §§ 8 and 20 of
the Citizenship Act, the program enables the government to award
citizenship to those meeting specific criteria, significantly
contributing to Dominica's economic landscape. From 2017 to 2020 alone,
4,192 individuals received Dominica passports through this initiative,
funding projects aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals,
including poverty alleviation, infrastructure development, green energy,
and ecosystem preservation.
Dominica's Citizenship Benefits:

-   Visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to over 130 destinations
    worldwide.
-   Inclusion of family members in the application, extending to
    spouses, dependent children under 31, and parents or grandparents
    over 65, with the possibility of adding dependents post-citizenship.
-   Citizenship by descent for future generations.
-   Full rights to live, work, and study in Dominica.
-   Dual citizenship without restrictions.
-   A 10-year B-1/B-2 visa for the USA, permitting extensive stays for
    business or medical treatment.
-   No taxation on wealth, gift, capital gains, or inheritance for
    non-tax residents, alongside other financial incentives and
    advantages.
-   An invitation to reside in a nation celebrated for its warm climate,
    vibrant culture, and natural beauty, all within a region boasting
    the lowest crime rates.

Investment Pathways to Citizenship:
Eligible candidates must be over 18 and can choose between:

1.  A non-refundable contribution to the Economic Development Fund
    starting at USD 100,000.
2.  Investment in approved real estate developments, with a minimum
    value of USD 200,000, promising returns after a 3-5 year holding
    period.

Additional stipulations include a background check, proof of good
health, a commitment to the investment prior to application, and a
mandatory virtual interview for applicants aged 16 and over.

Due Diligence and Application Procedure:
The process requires thorough background checks, ensuring applicants
have a clean criminal record and no outstanding visa refusals. Documents
necessary include financial statements, employment or business
documents, and proof of investment funds. The entire application
procedure can be completed remotely, with no mandatory visit to
Dominica, although engagement with the island's economy is highly
encouraged.

[]

Grenada

Grenada, known affectionately as the 'Spice Island' for its abundant
nutmeg and mace crops, offers a picturesque landscape of exotic
topography, stunning beaches, and a temperate climate year-round. This
English-speaking Commonwealth nation boasts a common law legal
framework, a stable government, and launched its Citizenship by
Investment Program in August 2013 through the Citizenship by Investment
Act.
Eligibility for Family Inclusion
The program allows for the inclusion of the main investor’s:

-   Spouse
-   Dependent children
-   Dependent parents over 55 years
-   Unmarried siblings over 18 without children

Program Benefits

-   Access to over 140/147 countries without a visa or via
    visa-on-arrival, including prominent destinations like China, Hong
    Kong, Singapore, the UK, and the Schengen Area in Europe.
-   The ability to obtain citizenship entirely remotely.
-   Unique among Caribbean investment programs, Grenada offers
    eligibility for the E-2 Investor Visa Treaty with the USA, granting
    significant privileges including business operations and medical
    treatment in the US for up to 180 days annually.
-   Citizenship is extendable to new spouses and future generations.
-   Inclusion of a wide family range in the application, with no dual
    citizenship restrictions.
-   No residency requirements and a fast processing timeline of
    approximately 5 months.
-   Generous tax regulations, with no taxation on personal income,
    wealth, gift, inheritance, or capital gains.
-   The program facilitates international business registrations for tax
    efficiency and privacy.

Investment Requirements
Applicants must be over 18 and can choose between:

-   A minimum non-refundable donation to the National Transformation
    Fund (NTF) starting at USD 150,000 for single applicants.
-   Investing a minimum of USD 220,000 in government-approved real
    estate, with a holding period of five years for resale as a
    qualifying investment.

Additional requirements include a clean criminal history, proof of
sufficient funds, and no outstanding visa refusals.

Documentation Needed
Applicants must provide a comprehensive set of documents, including ID,
passport, medical certificate, marriage and birth certificates (if
applicable), police clearance, bank references, photos, proof of funds,
and relevant affidavits and agreements for dependents and real estate
transactions.
Investment Options

-   National Transformation Fund (NTF) Donation: Contributions start at
    USD 150,000, financing projects across various sectors for national
    development.
-   Real Estate Option: Investment in approved developments, offering
    potential returns, with the property being resalable after a
    five-year holding period.
    The Grenada Citizenship by Investment Program represents a blend of
    investment opportunity and access to global mobility, underpinned by
    a commitment to national growth and development.

[]

St. Kitts and Nevis

Nestled in the heart of the Caribbean, St. Kitts and Nevis is an idyllic
dual-island nation celebrated for its unspoiled beaches and rich
tapestry of cultural heritage, drawing influences from African, British,
Carib, and French traditions. It stands as a coveted destination for
those dreaming of a secondary residence amid the Caribbean's allure,
bolstered by convenient air connections to Europe and North America. The
St. Kitts and Nevis Citizenship by Investment program, established in
1984, is recognized as the world's pioneer in citizenship by investment
initiatives.
Key Advantages of the Program

-   Generational Citizenship: Eligibility extends to future generations.
-   Family Inclusion: The primary applicant can include a spouse,
    children under 26, and parents over 65, with provisions to add
    dependents post-citizenship issuance.
-   Commonwealth Membership Benefits: As a Commonwealth member, citizens
    enjoy privileges in the UK and other member countries.
-   Extended Visa Access: Eligible for a 10-year B-1/B-2 visa for the
    USA.
-   Taxation Benefits: Immunity from income, capital gains, inheritance,
    and gift taxes.
-   No Language Requirement: Language proficiency tests are not a
    prerequisite.
-   Expedited Process: Citizenship can be fast-tracked, offering a
    straightforward path to citizenship.
-   Powerful Passport: The St. Kitts and Nevis passport provides
    significant global mobility, including the option to live in any of
    the 15 CARICOM countries.
-   Business Advantages: Citizens can register businesses locally,
    easing transactions with international partners free from stringent
    foreign exchange controls.

Eligibility and Requirements

-   Age and Interview: Applicants must be over 18 and undergo a
    mandatory interview, available virtually or in-person.
-   Biometric Data: Provision of biometric data and fingerprints is
    required.
-   Economic Contributions: Options include a Sustainable Island State
    Contribution (SISC) or investments in real estate.
-   Background Check: A clean criminal record and no visa refusal
    history are essential.
-   Documentation: A comprehensive dossier including financial,
    employment, and identity documents is necessary.

Application Process
Handled by the Citizenship by Investment Unit (CIU), the application
process involves a thorough review, a mandatory interview, and due
diligence checks conducted by reputable firms globally. The government
aims to process applications within four months, with an average
preparation time for applicants of 2-6 weeks. Real estate visits are
advised but not mandatory.
Investment Paths

-   Sustainable Island State Contribution (SISC): A donation starting at
    $250,000 for individual applicants, supporting local development
    initiatives.
-   Approved Public Benefit Project: Investments in projects that
    significantly benefit the local community are also a viable path.
-   Real Estate Investment: Purchasing government-approved real estate
    is another route, with a minimum investment starting at $400,000.

[]

St. Lucia

Nestled in the eastern Caribbean Sea, St. Lucia, with its enchanting
beaches, lush rainforests, and iconic Pitons, is a beacon of natural
beauty and serenity. The St. Lucia passport empowers its holders with
extensive travel freedom, including the ability to reside in any of the
15 CARICOM countries.
Launched in 2016 and governed by the Citizenship by Investment Act No.
14 of 2015, St. Lucia's Citizenship by Investment Program is designed to
invite significant economic contributions to the nation. St. Lucia is
renowned for its stable, welcoming business environment and special
enterprise projects, aiming to catalyze economic growth across various
sectors. These efforts underscore St. Lucia's commitment to becoming a
hub of investment and innovation, with the added benefit of securing a
second citizenship.
The program extends the opportunity for applicants to include their
families, providing a legacy of global mobility and security.
Eligibility extends to spouses, dependent children up to the age of 30,
and dependent parents or grandparents over 55, ensuring the benefits of
investment reach beyond the primary applicant.
Program Highlights:

-   Visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to over 140 destinations
    worldwide.
-   Efficient processing with no requirement for residence or
    visitation.
-   Inclusion of a wide array of dependents, with the option to add more
    post-citizenship.
-   Competitive investment and processing costs.
-   Recognition of dual citizenship.
-   Exemption from taxes on worldwide income, wealth, inheritance, and
    capital gains.
-   Options for investment recovery through bond redemption or real
    estate sale after a specified period.
-   Access to a 10-year B-1/B-2 visa to the USA, facilitating business,
    travel, and medical treatment.
-   The ability to register a company in St. Lucia, enhancing privacy
    and facilitating international transactions.

Investment Options:
Applicants must be over 18 and can choose from several investment
pathways, including:

-   A minimum USD 200,000 investment in approved real estate, held for
    five years.
-   Participation in approved enterprise projects, starting at USD 3.5
    million, generating employment.
-   A non-refundable contribution of USD 100,000 to the NEF.
-   Investment in non-interest-bearing government bonds, valued at USD
    300,000, held for five years.

Eligibility and Documentation:
Applicants must demonstrate good health, a clean criminal background,
and the legal source of their investment funds. Required documents
include a birth certificate, valid passport, proof of address, financial
documents, and health clearance, among others.
Application Process:
The comprehensive application process involves the submission of
documents and an investment decision, followed by the payment of
non-refundable fees. The complete application package is then submitted
to the St. Lucia Citizenship by Investment Unit (CIU), with approval
taking approximately 60-90 days.
Investment Benefits and Fees:
St. Lucia offers various investment options tailored to the applicant's
needs, including contributions to the NEF, government bond investments,
real estate purchases, and enterprise project investments.

[]

Vanuatu

Nestled in the embrace of the South Pacific Ocean lies Vanuatu, an
archipelago of 80 exquisite islands. With its majestic mountains,
verdant tropical rainforests, and crystalline turquoise waters, Vanuatu
stands as the quintessential haven for those seeking to elevate their
lifestyles.
To obtain Vanuatu Citizenship by Investment, you must contribute a
minimum of $130,000 to the National Development Fund and provide proof
of an available bank account balance of at least $250,000. One of the
most appealing facets of Vanuatu's citizenship program is its
accessibility. Unlike many other jurisdictions, applicants are not
burdened with language proficiency tests or history examinations.
Neither are they obligated to relocate to or even visit Vanuatu during
the application process. Moreover, Vanuatu boasts one of the fastest
citizenship acquisition processes globally. With proper documentation,
applicants can obtain their passports within a mere month of initiating
their investment journey in Vanuatu.
The investment required for citizenship entails a one-time contribution
or donation to the Vanuatu Development Support Programme (DSP). The
contribution amounts are as follows:
- Single Applicant: $130,000
- Married Couple: $150,000
- Family of Three: $165,000
- Family of Four: $180,000
- Additional Family Members: $10,000 each
Eligibility and Documentation- Primary applicants must be between the
ages of 18 and 65.
- Upon approval in principle  from the Citizenship Commission,
applicants must deposit the remaining fees.
- Submission of a certificate of no criminal record.
- Demonstrating a minimum Net Asset Value of $250,000, with at least
$250,000 in banking assets.
- Providing evidence of financial solvency to support oneself and
dependents without relying on income from Vanuatu.
- Inclusion of dependent children under eighteen and financially
dependent parents or grandparents in the application.
Vanuatu passports offer visa-free access to 103 countries and
territories, making them valuable assets for global travelers. Despite
recent changes affecting access to the Schengen area, Vanuatu's passport
still enables entry into sought-after destinations such as Hong Kong,
Singapore, Russia, and numerous countries across Asia, Latin America,
and Africa.
Beyond the acquisition of a passport, Vanuatu citizenship presents
numerous advantages:
- Membership in the Commonwealth facilitates long-term visitor visas in
countries like Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
- Access to a five-year B1/B2 tourist visa for medical treatments,
business endeavors, or academic pursuits.
- Favorable tax policies, including the establishment of tax-exempt
International Business Companies (ICB) and tax residence.
- A straightforward citizenship process devoid of language requirements.
- The option for investors to retain multiple passports post-citizenship
acquisition.
- No residency or interview obligations for citizenship applicants.
The process for acquiring citizenship in Vanuatu follows a streamlined
eight-step procedure:
1. Preparation of necessary documents and nomination application.
2. Initiation of due diligence process with an initial payment of
$5,000.
3. Submission of application.
4. Receipt of approval in principle from the Vanuatu Citizenship
Commission.
5. Payment of total investment upon approval.
6. Receipt of Letter of approval for citizenship.
7. Completion of naturalization oath online or via video conferencing.
8. Receipt of citizenship certificate and passport from the nearest
Vanuatu consulate.
Vanuatu's citizenship by investment program presents a tantalizing
opportunity for investors seeking to diversify their passport portfolio.
With its unparalleled natural beauty, favorable tax regime, and
hassle-free application process, Vanuatu beckons as a beacon of
possibility in the realm of global citizenship acquisition.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2024.03.29 CBI

Your Name:

Email Address: *

Current Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

What are your primary goals for obtaining a new citizenship or
residency? (Select all that apply)

Travel visa-free

Relocate with my family

Benefit from lower taxes

Enhance banking and asset protection

Enjoy a mild climate

Access a lower cost of living

Retire comfortably

Live in an English-speaking environment

Ensure a high level of safety

OtherOther

Which countries or regions do you wish to access visa-free? (Select all
that apply))

Schengen Area (Europe)

United States

Canada

United Kingdom

Australia

New Zealand

Singapore

Japan

South Korea

UAE

Hong Kong

China

OtherOther

Preferred investment option for obtaining citizenship or residency:

Donation

Real Estate

Government Bonds

OtherOther

Budget for the investment program: Below $50K$50K - $100K$100K -
$150K$150K - $200K$200K - $500K$500K - $1MMore than $1M

How long can you wait for the citizenship or residency process to
complete? Less than 3 months3-6 months6-12 monthsMore than 1 year

Family members also applying:

Spouse

Children

Parents

Siblings

Do you plan to reside in your new country of citizenship or residency?
Yes, I plan to relocate.No, but I am willing to spend up to several days
in the country if necessary.No, but I am willing to spend up to several
weeks in the country if necessary.No, but I am willing to spend up to
several months in the country if necessary.I want the process to be done
remotely and do not wish to spend a single day in the country.

Specify any additional requirements or questions you may have:

Captcha

Get Free Advice

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]

Worldwide Citizenship Paths

Malta Citizenship by Investment (CBI) Program:

-   Offers one of the strongest passports for global travel, including
    visa-free access to the USA, Canada, Australia, Japan, and the UAE.
-   High cost, potentially 10 times that of Caribbean programs,
    reflecting its extensive travel freedoms.
-   Lengthy processing time exceeding a year.

Turkish CBI Program:

-   Provides a compelling investment opportunity with a short 3-year
    real estate holding period.
-   Requires a higher minimum real estate investment of $414,000,
    inclusive of acquisition taxes.
-   Does not offer visa-free access to Schengen countries, limiting
    appeal compared to Caribbean options.

Egypt's CBI Program:

-   Offers citizenship through real estate investment.
-   Includes family members without additional fees.
-   Egyptian passport provides limited visa-free travel to 59 countries.

[]

Investment Options and Cost

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Criteria  | Malta     | Turkey    | Egypt     | Cambodia  | Jordan    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| I         |           |           |           |           |           |
| nvestment |           |           |           |           |           |
| Options   |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Minimum   | € 610,000 | N/A       | $250,000  | $245,000  | N/A       |
| Donation  |           |           |           |           |           |
|           | AND       |           |           |           |           |
|           |           |           |           |           |           |
|           | €700,000  |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Minimum   |           | $414,000  | $300,000  | N/A       | N/A       |
| Real      |           |           |           |           |           |
| Estate    |           |           |           |           |           |
| I         |           |           |           |           |           |
| nvestment |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Minimum   | N/A       | $500,000  | $500,000  | N/A       |  $1       |
| I         |           |           |           |           | million   |
| nvestment |           |           |           |           |           |
| in        |           |           |           |           |           |
| G         |           |           |           |           |           |
| overnment |           |           |           |           |           |
| Bonds or  |           |           |           |           |           |
| Bank      |           |           |           |           |           |
| Deposits  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost      |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost for  | €         | $415,000  | $260,000  | $330,000  | $         |
| 1 Adult   | 1,333,000 |           |           |           | 1,015,000 |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost for  | €         | $415,574  | $260,000  | $335,000  | $         |
| 2 Adults  | 1,397,000 |           |           |           | 1,020,000 |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost for  | €         | $416,722  | $260,000  | $345,000  | $         |
| 2         | 1,525,000 |           |           |           | 1,030,000 |
| Adults +  |           |           |           |           |           |
| 2         |           |           |           |           |           |
| Children  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost for  | €         | $417,296  | $260,000  | $350,000  | $         |
| 2         | 1,574,000 |           |           |           | 1,035,000 |
| Adults +  |           |           |           |           |           |
| 3         |           |           |           |           |           |
| Children  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cost for  | €         | $417,870  | $260,000  | $355,000  | $         |
| 2         | 1,638,000 |           |           |           | 1,040,000 |
| Adults +  |           |           |           |           |           |
| 4         |           |           |           |           |           |
| Children  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

[]

Program Details and Benefits  

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Criteria  | Malta     | Turkey    | Egypt     | Cambodia  | Jordan    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| Program   |           |           |           |           |           |
| Details   |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| P         | 14-18     | 3-6       | 6-12      | 3-4       | 3-6       |
| rocessing | months    | months    | months    | months    | months    |
| Time      |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Ap        | €8,000    | N/A       | $10,000   | $85,000   | $10,000   |
| plication |           |           |           |           |           |
| P         |           |           |           |           |           |
| rocessing |           |           |           |           |           |
| Fee       |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Applicant | €15,000   | N/A       | N/A       | N/A       | $5,000    |
| Due       |           |           |           |           |           |
| Diligence |           |           |           |           |           |
| Fee       |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Interview | N/A       |           |           |           |           |
| Fee       |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Minimum   | 5 years   | 3 years   | 5 years   | N/A       | 6 years   |
| Holding   |           |           |           |           |           |
| Period    |           |           |           |           |           |
| for Real  |           |           |           |           |           |
| Estate    |           |           |           |           |           |
| I         |           |           |           |           |           |
| nvestment |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Program   |           |           |           |           |           |
| Benefits  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Passport  | 10 years  | 10 years  | 7 years   | 10 years  | 5 years   |
| Validity  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Henley    | 5th       | 53rd      | 89th      | 88th      | 88th      |
| Passport  |           |           |           |           |           |
| Ranking   |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Visa-Free | 190       | 118       | 59        | 59        | 61        |
| Travel or | C         | c         | c         | c         | c         |
| Visa on   | ountries, | ountries, | ountries, | ountries, | ountries, |
| Arrival   | incl.     | incl.     | incl.     | incl.     | incl.     |
|           | Schengen, | Hong      | Hong      | S         | Hong      |
|           | USA ,     | Kong,     | Kong,     | ingapore, | Kong,     |
|           | Canada,   | Japan,    | Jordan,   | Iran,     | I         |
|           | UK,       | South     | Iran      | I         | ndonesia, |
|           | S         | Korea,    |           | ndonesia, | Turkey,   |
|           | ingapore, | and       |           | Caribbean | Caribbean |
|           | Hong      | Singapore |           | countries | countries |
|           | Kong,     |           |           |           |           |
|           | South     |           |           |           |           |
|           | Korea,    |           |           |           |           |
|           | Japan,    |           |           |           |           |
|           | UAE       |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| E-2 Visa  | No        | Yes       | Yes       | No        | Yes       |
| Treaty    |           |           |           |           |           |
| with the  |           |           |           |           |           |
| US        |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

[]

Family Inclusion and Other Requirements

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Criteria  | Malta     | Turkey    | Egypt     | Cambodia  | Jordan    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| Family    |           |           |           |           |           |
| Inclusion |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Children  | Under 29, | Under 18  | Under 21, | Under 18  | Under 18, |
| Age Limit | unmarried | or        | unmarried |           | unmarried |
|           |           | disabled  |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Parents   | Over 55   | N/A       |           |           | Fi        |
| Age Limit |           |           |           |           | nancially |
|           |           |           |           |           | dependent |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Siblings  | N/A       |           |           |           |           |
| Inclusion |           |           |           |           |           |
| Criteria  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| A         |           |           |           |           |           |
| dditional |           |           |           |           |           |
| Req       |           |           |           |           |           |
| uirements |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Minimum   | N/A       |           |           |           |           |
| Stay      |           |           |           |           |           |
| Req       |           |           |           |           |           |
| uirement  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Interview | N/A       |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

[]

Country Profile

+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Criteria  | Malta     | Turkey    | Egypt     | Cambodia  | Jordan    |
+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+===========+
| Country   |           |           |           |           |           |
| Profile   |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Non       | Af        | Armenia   | Israel    | N/A       | N/A       |
| -Eligible | ghanistan |           |           |           |           |
| Countries |           | Cyprus    |           |           |           |
|           | Belarus   |           |           |           |           |
|           | DRC       | Cuba      |           |           |           |
|           | Iran      |           |           |           |           |
|           | North     | Nigeria   |           |           |           |
|           | Korea     |           |           |           |           |
|           |           | North     |           |           |           |
|           | Russia    | Korea     |           |           |           |
|           | Somalia   | Syria     |           |           |           |
|           | Sudan     |           |           |           |           |
|           | Syria     |           |           |           |           |
|           | Venezuela |           |           |           |           |
|           | Yemen     |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| P         | 518,536   | 86.04     | 111       | 16.77     | 11.29     |
| opulation | (6,675 in | million   | million   | million   | million   |
|           | Valletta) | (5.66     | (9.54     | (2.23     | (4        |
|           |           | million   | million   | million   | million   |
|           |           | in        | in Cairo) | in Phnom  | in        |
|           |           | Ankara)   |           | Penh)     | capital   |
|           |           |           |           |           | Amman)    |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Human     | 0.92,     | 0.86,     | 0.74,     | 0.6,      | 0.73,     |
| De        | 25th      | 45th      | 103rd     | 148th     | 99th      |
| velopment |           |           |           |           |           |
| Index     |           |           |           |           |           |
| (higher   |           |           |           |           |           |
| score is  |           |           |           |           |           |
| pr        |           |           |           |           |           |
| eferable) |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Political | 80.66     | 13.68     | 14.15     | 44.81     | 35.38     |
| Stability |           |           |           |           |           |
| Index     |           |           |           |           |           |
| (higher   |           |           |           |           |           |
| score is  |           |           |           |           |           |
| pr        |           |           |           |           |           |
| eferable) |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Cr        | 5.00      | 7.03      | 5.05      | 6.85      | 4.93      |
| iminality |           |           |           |           |           |
| Score     |           |           |           |           |           |
| (lower    |           |           |           |           |           |
| score is  |           |           |           |           |           |
| pr        |           |           |           |           |           |
| eferable) |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
| Foreign   | 0-35%     | 15-40%    | 10-27.5%  | 0-20%     | 5-30%     |
| Income    |           |           |           |           |           |
| Tax Rate  |           |           |           |           |           |
+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

Learn More About Each Program

[]

Malta

Nestled in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea lies Malta, a gem known
for its idyllic climate, welcoming locals, and enviable quality of life.
Boasting excellent air connectivity and a reputation for safety, Malta
is not just a sought-after destination for leisure but also for
establishing a second home. As a proud member of the European Union,
Malta offers political stability, a thriving economy, and is home to
some of the world's most robust banking institutions.
Program Overview
The Malta Citizenship Act Cap. 188, LN437 of 2020, introduced the
Granting of Citizenship for Exceptional Services by Direct Investment
Regulations (S.L. 188.06). This initiative allows foreign individuals
and their families to obtain Maltese citizenship through economic
contributions. To maintain exclusivity and manage demand, the program is
limited to a maximum of 400 successful applicants annually, with an
overall cap set at 1500 applicants.
Eligibility and Dependents
Qualified applicants can include a range of dependents in their
application:
- Spouse or de facto partner
- Children under the age of eighteen
- Unmarried children aged 18 to 29 who are financially dependent
- Children over eighteen with physical or mental disabilities dependent
on the primary applicant
- Dependent parents over the age of fifty-five reliant on the primary
applicant or spouse
Processing Time and Requirements
Applicants and adult dependents must hold Maltese residence status for a
minimum of 36 months (or 12 months in specific cases) before applying
for citizenship. The application process involves a four-tier due
diligence assessment. To be eligible, applicants must meet the following
criteria:
- Minimum age of 18 years
- Contribution of EUR 600,000 for a 36-month residence period or EUR
750,000 for 12 months
- Purchase or lease of residential property meeting specified criteria
- Donation to approved organizations
- Legal residence in Malta
- Good health and provision of necessary documents
Benefits of Maltese Citizenship
Obtaining Maltese citizenship offers numerous advantages:
- Visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to over 180 destinations worldwide
- Access to a transparent and reputable financial center, ideal for
international business
- Inclusion of family members in the application
- Stringent due diligence standards
- Strategic location with excellent air links
- No restrictions on dual citizenship
- Work or study opportunities in EU countries
Fees and Procedures
The application process involves due diligence fees and administrative
charges. The timeline typically spans 12 to 18 months and includes
detailed background checks. Upon successful completion, applicants are
invited to take the oath of allegiance in Malta and receive their
certificate of naturalization.

[]

Turkey

Turkey's Citizenship by Investment (CBI) program offers a unique and
powerful opportunity for investors and their families to gain a second
citizenship, opening doors to global mobility, business opportunities,
and a high quality of life.

Key Benefits of Turkish Citizenship

1.  Visa-Free Travel: Enjoy visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 126
    countries, including Japan, Singapore, and South Korea, enhancing
    global mobility and business opportunities.
2.  Schengen Area Access: Turkish citizens are eligible for a C-2
    Schengen visa, allowing for travel across Schengen countries for up
    to 90 days within any 180-day period.
3.  E-2 Visa Eligibility for the USA: After three years of residence,
    Turkish citizens can apply for the E-2 Investor Visa, enabling them
    and their families to live and work in the USA.
4.  Comprehensive Benefits: Turkish citizenship offers the right to
    live, work, and study in Turkey, visa-free travel to over 120
    countries, and the possibility of passing citizenship to future
    generations

Considerations for Investors

-   Dual Citizenship: Turkey allows its citizens to hold multiple
    citizenships, provided the other countries also permit it.
-   Family Inclusivity: Spouses and children of investors are eligible
    for Turkish citizenship, with no additional investment required.
-   Transparent Fees: A government fee of $574 applies per family member
    under the citizenship program.
-   Investment Flexibility: The required investment can be made in
    various forms without depending on the investor's family
    composition.

Investment Routes

1.  Real Estate Investment: A favored choice, necessitating a $400,000
    minimum investment in real estate. Although combining multiple
    properties to meet the investment threshold is no longer permitted,
    the investment in housing, commercial facilities, or a qualifying
    land plot is viable. After three years, the property can be sold,
    albeit the subsequent buyer is ineligible for the CBI program. The
    investment in real estate incurs a property tax and a stamp duty tax
    of around $14,000 for properties valued at $400,000, with the
    necessity to convert foreign currencies into Turkish Liras to
    finalize transactions.
2.  Business Investment: This entails injecting at least $500,000 into
    the capital stock of a Turkish company or generating at least 50
    jobs.
3.  Bank Deposit: Committing $500,000 to a Turkish bank, with withdrawal
    options available after three years. The total can be distributed
    across several banks operating in Turkey.
4.  Government Bonds and Investment Funds: Engaging $500,000 in
    government bonds or investment fund units, with sell-off
    opportunities post three years.

Steps to Citizenship

1.  Obtain a Turkish Tax ID and open a bank account in Turkey.
2.  Select and finalize your investment route, potentially involving
    real estate purchases, business investments, or financial
    contributions.
3.  Apply for a residence permit, a prerequisite for the citizenship
    application.
4.  Submit the citizenship application, including all required documents
    and proof of investment.
5.  Undergo due diligence, with a process taking 3-4 months, after which
    citizenship is granted.

Family Inclusion and Due Diligence

-   The main applicant can include their spouse, dependent children
    below 18, and children of any age living with disabilities.
-   Due diligence checks are thorough, ensuring applicants are of good
    character and have no outstanding visa refusals or illegal stays in
    Turkey.

Tax and Military Service Considerations

-   Turkish tax residents are taxed on worldwide income, with
    progressive rates up to 35%. Real estate taxes, capital gains tax,
    and inheritance taxes apply, with specific exemptions and rates
    depending on the property and investment type.
-   Turkish citizenship exempts foreign citizens from mandatory military
    service.

[]

Egypt

Egypt's Citizenship by Investment Program, unique in the Arabic world
along with Jordan, offers a strategic pathway to citizenship since its
inception in 2021.

Investment Options

The program provides four investment routes, each designed to cater to
different investor needs:

1.  Donation: Commit a $250,000 non-refundable contribution to Egypt’s
    public treasury for direct citizenship.
2.  Real Estate Investment: Invest a minimum of $300,000 in real estate
    projects, including land plots, residential, and commercial
    properties. The investment must be maintained for five years.
3.  Business Investment: Inject $350,000 into a new or existing Egyptian
    business plus a $100,000 donation to the state's treasury. Investors
    must hold at least a 40% stake and maintain the investment for five
    years.
4.  Bank Deposit: Deposit $500,000 in the Central Bank of Egypt,
    refundable after three years without interest, reimbursed in
    Egyptian pounds at the most favorable exchange rate.

Investments can be spread over one year and must be transferred from
abroad.

Advantages for Investors and Families

-   Global Mobility: Enjoy visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 72
    countries, including Hong Kong, Macau, and more. Egypt is the only
    country with citizenship by investment that offers visa-on-arrival
    access to Nigeria.
-   US E-2 Visa Eligibility: Egyptian nationals can apply for the US E-2
    (treaty investor) visa.
-   Family Inclusion: Include spouses, children under 21, and multiple
    wives in case of polygamy. Spouses are eligible for citizenship
    after two years.
-   Dual Citizenship: Retain your original nationality with no
    obligation to renounce it. Note that dual nationals are exempt from
    military service and cannot be elected to Parliament or register in
    military and police academies.
-   No Residency or Language Requirements: A single visit to Egypt for
    an interview simplifies the application process.
-   Economic Opportunities: Gain rights to own businesses, access
    education, healthcare benefits, and freely purchase real estate,
    including in the Sinai peninsula.
-   Hereditary Citizenship: Pass citizenship onto future generations.

Detailed Application Process

The application process is straightforward and inclusive, generally
taking 6 to 9 months, with initial decisions often made within 3 months:

1.  Application Submission: Complete and submit the application form
    with all required documents to the Naturalization Application
    Screening Unit, available in-person or online.
2.  Initial Payment and File Number: Transfer $10,000 to the Egyptian
    Central Bank account of the Egyptian Nationality Unit to secure a
    unique file number.
3.  Preliminary Review: Undergo a thorough review, including security
    checks, to receive preliminary approval within 3 months.
4.  Temporary Residence: After preliminary approval, obtain a 6-month
    temporary residence to finalize documentation and investment
    evidence.
5.  Final Assessment: Meet all criteria and submit documents for the
    final recommendation to the Egyptian Prime Minister for citizenship
    approval within 3 months.

Required Documentation

Ensure the inclusion of the following documents with your application:

-   Original Application Form with additional information for
    citizenship.
-   Payment Verification for the $10,000 filing fee to the CBE.
-   Passport Copies to verify nationalities.
-   Birth Certificate, original or certified copy.
-   Three recent passport-sized Identity Photos.
-   Nationality Acknowledgment for any additional nationalities held.
-   Spouse’s Passport Copies and Marriage Certificate.
-   Children’s Documents for any minor children.
-   Criminal Record from Egyptian authorities.
-   Movement Certificate for the past five years.
-   No Criminal Conviction Certificate, attested by the Egyptian
    Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
-   Investor’s Asset Documentation if owning shares in a company.
-   Medical Examination Report and Investment Proof to be submitted
    during residency.

Special Considerations and Additional Fees

-   Military Service: Exemption for sons of the main applicant.
-   Revocation of Citizenship: Possible for those found engaging in
    illegal activities.
-   Investment Payment and Refunds: Payable in installments within a
    year. Total payment refunded, excluding a $10,000 government fee, in
    case of refusal.
-   Administrative Fee: A non-refundable $10,000 fee applicable to all
    options.
-   Document Translation and Notarization: Costs may exceed $1,000.
-   Legal Fees: Range between $5,000 and $10,000 based on application
    complexity.
-   Eligibility: Applicants must be at least 21 years old, have a clean
    criminal record, undergo a medical examination, and provide proof of
    source of funds.

[]

Cambodia

Cambodia stands as an enticing destination for adventurers and
forward-thinking investors alike, boasting a burgeoning frontier market
ripe with possibilities. Particularly appealing to young entrepreneurs
and astute foreign investors, Cambodia presents itself as an emerging
hub for those seeking to capitalize on its promising economic landscape.

The Path to Cambodian Citizenship: Fast-Track Options

For those eyeing Cambodian citizenship, the country offers an expedited
naturalization process, completing within a swift 3 to 4 months. This
pathway is accessible to foreign applicants who opt to either make a
significant donation of US$245,000 to the Royal Government or invest a
minimum of US$305,000 in government-approved projects.

Investment Options

Cambodia's Citizenship by Investment (CBI) program features various
routes to qualification, providing flexibility to suit different
investor preferences:

1.  Donation Option: A straightforward route involves a US$245,000
    donation to the Royal Government, directly contributing to the
    nation's economic development initiatives.
2.  Investment Options: Alternatively, investors can choose to inject a
    minimum of US$305,000 into pre-approved projects sanctioned either
    by the Cambodian Development Council (CDC) or the Royal Government.

Fees and Requirements

Beyond the initial investment, applicants should factor in additional
fees to streamline the citizenship acquisition process:

-   A US$5,000 deposit initiates the application process.
-   Pre-submission entails a US$25,000 fee.
-   Upon government approval, a further US$40,000 is required.
-   Finally, a US$15,000 payment is made upon passport collection.

Furthermore, a US$5,000 fee applies for each dependent, spouse, or child
under 18 seeking citizenship after the principal applicant's approval,
with the process typically spanning 3 to 6 months.

Prospective applicants must meet fundamental eligibility criteria:

-   Be aged 18 or above.
-   Possess a valid passport and visa for entry into Cambodia.
-   Demonstrate sound mental and physical health.

While the formal requirements are clear, the process can be nuanced.
Securing Khmer citizenship often involves navigating informal channels,
with connections to the Cambodian monarchy playing a pivotal role.
Direct authorization from the King of Cambodia can expedite the
investment approval process, underscoring the significance of personal
networks in this endeavor.

Beyond the allure of citizenship, Cambodian nationality opens doors to
lucrative investment opportunities, notably in the realm of real estate.
Owning land in Cambodia becomes accessible, making a Cambodian passport
a strategic asset for those eyeing property investments in the region.

[]

Jordan

In February 2018, Jordan unveiled a pioneering Citizenship by Investment
(CBI) program, marked by Regulation No. 28 of 2018, setting a new
precedent for investment-driven nationality options in the region.

Investment Pathways to Citizenship

Jordan's CBI program is distinguished by its flexible investment
options, starting with a minimum investment threshold of USD 750,000.

1.  Bank Deposits and Treasury Bonds: Investors can opt for a dual
    investment approach by placing a zero-interest deposit of USD 1
    million in the Central Bank of Jordan (CBJ) for three years and
    purchasing treasury bonds worth USD 1 million offering an interest
    rate decided by the CBJ and held for six years.
2.  Company Shares and/or Units: An investment of at least USD 1.5
    million in shares or units of Jordanian companies is another route,
    with a holding period of three years, overseen by the Companies
    Control Department and/or the Jordan Securities Commission.
3.  Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs): Launching an SME in designated
    economic sectors with a capital of USD 1 million in Amman (or USD
    750,000 outside Amman) that creates at least 20 jobs (10 jobs
    outside Amman), as verified by the Social Security Corporation.

Key Benefits for Investors

-   Global Mobility: Visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 65
    countries, including Turkey, Hong Kong, and South Africa.
-   Family Inclusivity: Citizenship extends to the investor's spouse,
    children under 18, unmarried, widowed, or divorced daughters, and
    dependent parents. Remarkably, for investments exceeding USD 3
    million, male children under 30 and their families also become
    eligible for citizenship, broadening the scope of family inclusion.
-   Real Estate Ownership: The right to purchase property across Jordan.
-   E-2 Visa Opportunity: Eligibility for the E-2 Investor Visa in the
    USA, thanks to a treaty between Jordan and the USA.
-   No Residency Requirements: Except for bank deposit and treasury bond
    options, which require at least one month of residency before
    citizenship is granted.
-   Enhanced Quality of Life: Access to Jordan's reputable healthcare
    and education systems

Application Process and Requirements

Jordan's CBI program limits its annual applications to 500 to maintain
exclusivity and thorough vetting. The process, taking approximately
three months, involves:

-   Completing application forms and submitting them with the requisite
    fees and supporting documents.
-   Undergoing due diligence checks and choosing an investment route.
-   After investment fulfillment, the Jordanian government reviews the
    application for final approval.

Additional Pathways: Permanent Residency

Beyond CBI, Jordan offers a five-year residency to investors purchasing
property worth at least JOD 200,000, with a retention period of five
years.

Financial Commitments

The financial aspects of obtaining citizenship through investment in
Jordan include:

-   Application Fee: $10,000 per applicant.
-   Due Diligence Fee: $5,000 per applicant.
-   Legal Services: Ranging from $15K to $40K.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

Europe Residency by Investment

Budget Considerations:

-   For donation-based entry: Malta offers the lowest financial
    threshold.
-   For traditional investments: Hungary and Latvia are most accessible,
    with a minimum investment of EUR 250,000.

Types of Investments:

-   Real estate opportunities are available in Spain, Greece, and
    Latvia.
-   Investment funds can be accessed in Hungary and Portugal.
-   Donation options are primarily featured in Malta.

Visa-Free Travel:

-   All mentioned countries provide visa-free travel within the Schengen
    zone.

Pathway to Citizenship:

-   Portugal offers citizenship eligibility within five years with a
    minimal physical presence requirement of only seven days per year
-   Malta also offers a pathway to naturalization within five years but
    requires a more substantial residence period of 48 months.

Effective August 1st, 2024, the investment threshold for Greece's
residency program is set to increase substantially. Currently standing
at 250,000 euros, this threshold will escalate to up to 800,000 euros. 

[]

Investment Details

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cri   | G     | Hu    | L     | Malta | Por   | Spain | Italy | C     |
| teria | reece | ngary | atvia |       | tugal |       |       | yprus |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| Inves |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| De    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tails |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Mi    | €25   | €     | €25   | €1    | €50   | €     | €     | €30   |
| nimum | 0,000 | 25    | 0,000 | 2,000 | 0,000 | 50    | 25    | 0,000 |
| Inves |       | 0,000 |       |       |       | 0,000 | 0,000 |       |
| tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Inves | Real  | Real  | Real  | Pro   | Inves | Real  | Innov | Real  |
| tment | e     | e     | E     | perty | tment | e     | ative | e     |
| Type  | state | state | state | l     | fund  | state | st    | state |
|       |       | fund  |       | ease  |       |       | artup |       |
|       |       |       | Gover |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | nment |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | bonds |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Non-  | N/A   | N/A   | Mi    | Mi    | N/A   | Mi    | N/A   | Mi    |
| Inves |       |       | nimum | nimum |       | nimum |       | nimum |
| tment |       |       | i     | net   |       | i     |       | i     |
| Re    |       |       | ncome | worth |       | ncome |       | ncome |
| quire |       |       | of    | of    |       | of    |       | of    |
| ments |       |       | €1    | €500  |       | €2    |       | €5    |
|       |       |       | 5,480 | ,000, |       | 8,800 |       | 0,000 |
|       |       |       |       | don   |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | ation |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | of    |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | €     |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       | 2,000 |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Mi    | 5     | 5     | 5     | 5     | 5     | 5     | 5     | 5     |
| nimum | years | years | years | years | years | years | years | years |
| Ho    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lding |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| P     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| eriod |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Inves |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

[]

Program Specifics and Cost

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cri   | G     | Hu    | L     | Malta | Por   | Spain | Italy | C     |
| teria | reece | ngary | atvia |       | tugal |       |       | yprus |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| Pr    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ogram |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Spec  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ifics |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Proce | 18    | 3     | 1-3   | 4-6   | Up to | 5-7   | 3-4   | 2-4   |
| ssing | m     | m     | m     | m     | 30    | m     | m     | m     |
| Time  | onths | onths | onths | onths | m     | onths | onths | onths |
|       |       |       |       |       | onths |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Resi  | 5     | 10    | 5     | 5     | 2     | 5     | 2     | 10    |
| dence |       | years | years | years | years | years | years | years |
| P     | years |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ermit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Val   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idity |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Mi    | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | N/A   | 14    | N/A   | N/A   | Visit |
| nimum |       |       |       |       | days/ |       |       | every |
| Stay  |       |       |       |       | 2     |       |       | 2     |
| R     |       |       |       |       | years |       |       | years |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| A     | €     | TBD   | €1    | €9    | €     | €153  | N/A   | €500  |
| pplic | 2,000 |       | 2,650 | 8,000 | 8,500 |       |       |       |
| ation |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Proce |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ssing |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Fee   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Costs |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cost  | €27   | €25   | €26   | €11   | €50   | €50   | €     | €30   |
| for 1 | 7,000 | 0,000 | 2,650 | 2,000 | 8,500 | 0,153 | 25    | 0,500 |
| Adult |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0,000 |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cost  | €27   | €25   | €26   | €11   | €51   | €50   | €     | €30   |
| for 2 | 7,150 | 0,000 | 2,650 | 2,000 | 7,000 | 0,306 | 25    | 0,570 |
| A     |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0,000 |       |
| dults |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cost  | €27   | €25   | €26   | €11   | €53   | €50   | €     | €30   |
| for 2 | 7,150 | 0,000 | 2,650 | 2,000 | 4,000 | 0,612 | 25    | 0,710 |
| Adu   |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0,000 |       |
| lts + |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 2     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Chi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ldren |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cost  | €27   | €25   | €26   | €11   | €54   | €50   | €     | €30   |
| for 2 | 7,150 | 0,000 | 2,650 | 2,000 | 2,500 | 0,765 | 25    | 0,780 |
| Adu   |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0,000 |       |
| lts + |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 3     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Chi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ldren |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cost  | €27   | €25   | €26   | €11   | €55   | €50   | €     | €30   |
| for 2 | 7,150 | 0,000 | 2,650 | 2,000 | 1,000 | 0,918 | 25    | 0,850 |
| Adu   |       |       |       |       |       |       | 0,000 |       |
| lts + |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| 4     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Chi   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ldren |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

[]

Citizenship and Residency

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cri   | G     | Hu    | L     | Malta | Por   | Spain | Italy | C     |
| teria | reece | ngary | atvia |       | tugal |       |       | yprus |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itize |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nship |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| and   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Resi  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| dency |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Dual  | Yes   | Yes   | No    | Yes   | Yes   | No,   | Yes   | Yes   |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       | with  |       |       |
| itize |       |       |       |       |       | excep |       |       |
| nship |       |       |       |       |       | tions |       |       |
| Al    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lowed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| E     | 7     | 8     | 10    | 5     | 5     | 10    | 10    | 7     |
| ligib | years | years | years | years | years | years | years | years |
| ility |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itize |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nship |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Mi    | Conti | Conti | Conti | 48    | 14    | 183   | 183   | 7/10  |
| nimum | nuous | nuous | nuous | mon   | days/ | days  | days  | years |
| Stay  | Resi  | Resi  | Resi  | ths/5 | 2     | per   | per   |       |
| R     | dence | dence | dence | years | years | year  | year  |       |
| equir |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ement |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| for   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| C     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| itize |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| nship |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Other | C     | C     | C     | Know  | Lan   | Know  | Know  | Know  |
| Re    | itize | itize | itize | ledge | guage | ledge | ledge | ledge |
| quire | nship | nship | nship | of    | test  | of    | of    | of    |
| ments | test  | test  | test  | Ma    | in    | lang  | It    | the   |
| for   | in    | in    | in    | ltese | P     | uage, | alian | Greek |
| C     | Greek | Hung  | La    | or    | ortug | hi    | at a  | lan   |
| itize | lang  | arian | tvian | En    | uese, | story | B1    | guage |
| nship | uage, | lan   | lang  | glish | clean | and   | level | at    |
|       | hi    | guage | uage, |       | cri   | cul   |       | level |
|       | story |       | hi    |       | minal | ture, |       | B1    |
|       | and   |       | story |       | rec   | no    |       |       |
|       | cul   |       | and   |       | ords, | cri   |       |       |
|       | ture, |       | cul   |       | no    | minal |       |       |
|       | being |       | ture, |       | tax   | r     |       |       |
|       | a tax |       | no    |       | l     | ecord |       |       |
|       | resi  |       | cri   |       | iabil | or    |       |       |
|       | dent, |       | minal |       | ities | debts |       |       |
|       | no    |       | re    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | cri   |       | cord, |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | minal |       | tax   |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | r     |       | or    |       |       |       |       |       |
|       | ecord |       | other |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       | debts |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

[]

Family Inclusion 

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cri   | G     | Hu    | L     | Malta | Por   | Spain | Italy | C     |
| teria | reece | ngary | atvia |       | tugal |       |       | yprus |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| F     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| amily |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Incl  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| usion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Chi   | Under | Under | Under | F     | Under | Under | Under | Under |
| ldren | 21    | 18 or | 18    | inanc | 18 or | 18 or | 18 or | 25,   |
| Age   |       | depe  |       | ially | depe  | depe  | dis   | depe  |
| Limit |       | ndent |       | depe  | ndent | ndent | abled | ndent |
|       |       |       |       | ndent |       |       |       | and   |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | unma  |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       | rried |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Pa    | Any   | Over  | Dis   | Depe  | Over  | Depe  | Depe  | N/A   |
| rents | age   | 65 or | abled | ndent | 65    | ndent | ndent |       |
| Age   |       | depe  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Limit |       | ndent |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Sib   | N/A   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lings |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Incl  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| usion |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cri   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| teria |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

[]

Additional Considerations

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Cri   | G     | Hu    | L     | Malta | Por   | Spain | Italy | C     |
| teria | reece | ngary | atvia |       | tugal |       |       | yprus |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
| Addit |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ional |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Cons  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| idera |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| tions |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Visa  | Sch   |       |       |       |       |       |       | C     |
| -Free | engen |       |       |       |       |       |       | yprus |
| T     | coun  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ravel | tries |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Local | No    | No    | Yes   | Yes   | Yes   | Yes   | Yes   | No    |
| Emplo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| yment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Al    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lowed |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Popul | 10,43 | 9,59  | 1,84  | 51    | 10,34 | 48,59 | 58,85 | 1,26  |
| ation | 2,481 | 7,085 | 2,226 | 9,562 | 3,066 | 2,909 | 3,482 | 7,484 |
|       | (64   | (1,76 | (60   | (     | (54   | (3,22 | (4,35 | (31   |
|       | 3,452 | 3,913 | 9,489 | 5,827 | 8,703 | 3,334 | 5,725 | 0,355 |
|       | in    | in    | in    | in    | in    | in    | in    | in    |
|       | At    | Buda  | Riga) | Val   | Li    | Ma    | Rome) | Nic   |
|       | hens) | pest) |       | etta) | sbon) | drid) |       | osia) |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Human | 0.89, | 0.85, | 0.88, | 0.92, | 0.87, | 0.91, | 0.9,  | 0.9,  |
| D     | 33rd  | 47th  | 37th  | 25th  | 42nd  | 27th  | 30th  | 29th  |
| evelo |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| pment |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Index |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
|       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (h    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| score |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| able) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Poli  | 49.06 | 67.92 | 60.38 | 80.66 | 75.94 | 53.3  | 58    | 74    |
| tical |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Stab  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ility |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Index |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (h    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| igher |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| score |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| able) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| C     | 5.35  | 4.62  | 3.9   | 5     | 4.88  | 5.9   | 6.22  | 4.43  |
| rimin |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ality |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Score |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| (     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| lower |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| score |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| is    |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| p     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| refer |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| able) |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
| Fo    | 9-44% | 15%   | 2     | 0-35% | 13.2  | 1     | 2     | 0-35% |
| reign |       |       | 0-31% |       | 5-48% | 9-47% | 3-43% |       |
| I     |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| ncome |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Tax   |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
| Rate  |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

Learn More About Each Program

[]

Greece

As a proud member state of the European Union, Greece offers a plethora
of enticing benefits to its residents and citizens. From a strong
emphasis on safety and security to top-tier educational institutions and
healthcare facilities, Greece provides a welcoming environment for
individuals and families alike.
Introduced in 2013, the Greek Golden Visa Program presents a golden
opportunity for non-EU nationals and their families to secure a
five-year residence permit through a real estate investment as low as
€250,000. 

Key Benefits of the Greece Golden Visa Program

1.  Visa-Free Travel: Enjoy seamless travel across Europe's Schengen
    Area without the hassle of obtaining additional visas.
2.  No Residency Requirement: Unlike many other residency programs, the
    Greek Golden Visa Program doesn't mandate continuous residency in
    Greece, granting you the flexibility to travel or reside elsewhere.
3.  Investment Opportunities: Leverage your investment by renting out
    the property, potentially generating additional income streams.
4.  Family Inclusion: Extend the benefits of the program to your
    immediate family members, including your spouse, children under 21,
    and parents.
5.  Path to Citizenship: After residing in Greece for seven years, you
    become eligible to apply for citizenship, further solidifying your
    ties to this vibrant Mediterranean nation.

Requirements of the Greece Golden Visa Program
To qualify for the Golden Visa in Greece, applicants must meet the
following criteria:
- Non-EU Citizenship: Applicants must hold citizenship from a non-EU/EEA
country.
- Age Requirement: You must be at least 18 years old to apply.
- Clean Criminal Record: A clear criminal record is a prerequisite for
eligibility.
- Medical Insurance: Ensure you and your family have adequate medical
insurance coverage.
- Good Character: Applicants should demonstrate good character and
conduct.
The program offers various investment options, including real estate,
capital transfer, shares, bonds, and government bonds, catering to
diverse investor preferences and financial capabilities.
Application Process and Timeline
Embarking on your Golden Visa journey in Greece involves several
straightforward steps:
1. Property Selection: Choose your preferred property in accordance with
the program's investment criteria.
2. Legal Formalities: Complete legal procedures, such as obtaining a
Greek Non-Resident Tax number and opening a bank account.
3. Property Acquisition: Acquire the selected property through due
diligence and legal documentation.
4. Application Submission: Compile and submit all required documents for
your Golden Visa application.
5. Biometric Data Submission: Visit Greece to submit biometric data to
the relevant authorities.
6. Visa Approval: Upon approval, receive your Golden Visa Residence
Card, marking the commencement of your residency in Greece.
7. Renewal and Citizenship: Renew your residence permit every five years
and explore the pathway to Greek citizenship through continuous
residence and integration into Greek society.

[]

Hungary

Since joining the EU in 2004, Hungary has become a sought-after
destination for those seeking a vibrant and secure place to call home.
In November 2023, the Hungarian government introduced a groundbreaking
legislative proposal, offering investors the opportunity to obtain a
residence permit through the innovative Guest Investor Residence Permit,
valid for an impressive ten-year period.

Designed exclusively for non-EU and non-EEA citizens, the Hungarian
Golden Visa presents three compelling investment avenues:

1.  Real Estate Investment: Choose from a diverse range of residential
    properties or invest in local real estate funds.
2.  Direct Real Estate Acquisition: Secure your residency by acquiring
    real estate valued at €500,000 or above.
3.  Philanthropic Contribution: Make a lasting impact by donating €1
    million to an institution of higher learning.

Streamlined Application Process

Embark on your residency journey with ease through a straightforward
application process:

1.  Documentation: Submit essential documents including the application
    form, passport, proof of funds, and any additional requirements.
2.  Approval: Await approval from Hungarian authorities, typically
    processed within 90 days.
3.  Investment: Fulfill the minimum investment requirement, starting
    from €250,000, to obtain your ten-year residence permit.

Investment Options in 2024

As of 2024, investors can choose from three distinct investment
thresholds:

-   €250,000: Real Estate Investment Fund
-   €500,000: Direct Real Estate Acquisition
-   €1 million: Philanthropic Contribution

Inclusive Residency for Your Family

-   Family Inclusion: Include your spouse, children under 18, and
    dependent adult children in your application.
-   Parental Inclusion: Extend residency to your parents aged 65 and
    over without the need to prove dependency.

Benefits of Hungary's Golden Visa Program

-   Efficiency: A swift pathway to European residency with minimal
    bureaucracy.
-   Travel Freedom: Visa-free access to the EU Schengen Zone for
    seamless travel.
-   Flexible Residency: No minimum stay requirements, granting you the
    freedom to travel at your leisure.
-   Security: Reside in one of the world's safest countries, ranked 17th
    on the Global Peace Index 2023.
-   Accessibility: Entry to Hungary even during border closures for
    tourists.
-   Affordability: Enjoy a high standard of living at a lower cost
    compared to other European countries.
-   Financial Accessibility: Open bank accounts and conduct business
    operations with ease.
-   Healthcare and Education: Access high-quality healthcare and
    education facilities for you and your family.
-   Business Opportunities: Explore entrepreneurship and employment
    prospects within Europe.
-   Tax Optimization: Benefit from favorable tax regimes for financial
    optimization.

[]

Latvia

Established in 2010 by the Latvian government, this initiative swiftly
became a beacon of economic revitalization post the 2007–2009 financial
crisis. By 2015, the program had injected over EUR 1.3 billion into
Latvia's economy, largely fueled by foreign real estate investments.

Benefits

-   Schengen Access: Gain visa-free entry to Europe's Schengen Area.
-   Flexible Stay: No minimum residency requirements for permit renewal.
-   Swift Process: Enjoy a fast-track application procedure.
-   Linguistic Ease: Russian widely spoken, facilitating seamless
    integration.
-   Superb Connectivity: Benefit from excellent transport links to
    Russia and other EU nations.
-   Pathway to Citizenship: Eligibility to apply for citizenship after
    10 years of legal residence.

In addition to these advantages, the program offers access to quality
education, healthcare, and more, making Latvia an ideal destination for
investors seeking a high quality of life.

Inclusive for Families

The program extends its benefits to family members as well. Spouses,
dependent children, and even dependent parents can obtain a Latvia
Golden Visa through a single application.

Requirements Simplified

The eligibility criteria for the Latvia Residence by Investment Program
are straightforward:

-   Individuals over 18, with no criminal record and a sufficient
    income, can apply.
-   Commit EUR 50,000 into a Latvian company's equity capital (with
    annual tax payments of at least EUR 40,000).
-   Make a one-time payment of EUR 10,000 to the state budget.
-   Demonstrate financial capability to sustain family's standard of
    living.

Investment Options

Investors can choose from various investment avenues:

-   Business Investment: €50,000
-   Financial Investment: €280,000
-   Real Estate: €250,000
-   Government Bonds: €250,000

Seamless Procedures

The application process is designed for efficiency:

1.  Complete Investment Requirement: Start by fulfilling the chosen
    investment criteria.
2.  Document Submission: Work with an agent to compile and submit
    necessary documents, including passport copies, proof of income, and
    investment confirmation.
3.  Approval and Residence Permit: Expect processing times of 30–90
    days. Once approved, visit Latvia to collect the temporary residence
    permit, valid for five years with annual renewal.

Towards Permanent Residency

After five years, applicants can apply for permanent residency.
Requirements include four years of residency, passing a basic Latvian
language test, and knowledge of Latvia's history and anthem.
Renunciation of former citizenship may be required, with exceptions
possible.

[]

Malta

Nestled in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea, Malta boasts an enviable
reputation for its idyllic climate, welcoming locals, low crime rates,
and exceptional quality of life.

Benefits of Maltese residence through investment extend beyond mere
residency. Qualified individuals may pursue second citizenship through
Malta's investment programs, contingent upon fulfilling requirements
such as due diligence fees and a commitment to national development.
Embrace the advantages of Maltese residency, including:
- Visa-free access across Europe's Schengen Area for 90 days within a
180-day period
- Indefinite residence rights in Malta
- Investment commitment required only for the initial five years
- No strict residency obligations
- Inclusion of family members in the application process
To qualify for the Malta Permanent Residence Program, the main applicant
must be at least 18 years old and possess capital of no less than EUR
500,000, with EUR 150,000 in liquid financial assets. Additionally,
applicants must fulfill the following requirements:
- Property purchase of EUR 350,000 (EUR 300,000 in South Malta or Gozo)
or property lease of EUR 12,000 per annum (EUR 10,000 in South Malta or
Gozo) for a minimum of five years
- Contribution to the Maltese economy ranging from EUR 28,000 to EUR
58,000, depending on the chosen investment option
- Donation to a registered non-governmental organization of EUR 2,000
- Non-refundable administration fee of EUR 40,000
The application process for the Malta Permanent Residence Programme is
straightforward. After submitting the application to the Residency Malta
Agency, successful candidates undergo rigorous due diligence checks
before being issued a residence permit. The agency grants a Maltese
residence certificate to approved applicants, paving the way for
European residency.
Ensuring compliance with all documentation requirements is paramount.
Applicants must provide a range of documents, including valid passports,
criminal records, and proof of financial stability. Upon approval,
residents are granted a residence card valid for five years, renewable
thereafter. Annual compliance checks ensure continued adherence to
program requirements.

[]

Portugal

This program, formally known as the Portugal Golden Residence Permit
Program, offers a pathway for non-EU nationals to obtain a five-year
residence permit, with the option to pursue permanent residence or
citizenship after a qualifying period. Renowned for its stability,
lifestyle, and strategic location within the European Union, Portugal
has become a favored destination for global investors looking to secure
their future.

Investment Options and Flexibility

The Golden Visa Program provides investors with a range of options to
tailor their investment strategy to their preferences and objectives.
From supporting arts and cultural heritage to financing research
activities, purchasing investment fund units, or contributing to the
business landscape, applicants can choose the avenue that aligns best
with their goals. Notably, investors who opt for investment fund units
can recoup their initial investment within 5—10 years by divesting their
assets.

Benefits of the Golden Visa 

1.  Visa-Free Travel and Residence Rights: Holders of the residence
    permit enjoy visa-free access to Europe’s Schengen Area and have the
    right to live, work, and study in Portugal.
2.  Minimal Physical Presence Requirement: With an average stay of just
    seven days per year over the five-year period, investors can fulfill
    residency obligations while maintaining flexibility in their global
    endeavors.
3.  Superior Quality of Life: Portugal’s allure lies in its rich
    history, vibrant culture, exquisite cuisine, and breathtaking
    landscapes, offering residents an unparalleled quality of life.
4.  Access to Healthcare and Education: Residents benefit from a robust
    healthcare system and can avail themselves of top-tier educational
    institutions for their families.
5.  Tax Optimization: The Non-habitual Resident (NHR) status provides
    significant tax advantages, including exemption on global income and
    reduced tax rates on local earnings.
6.  Citizenship Eligibility: After five years of residency, investors
    can apply for permanent residence or citizenship, affording them the
    opportunity to live, work, and travel freely within the European
    Union.
7.  Investment Flexibility: With various investment pathways, including
    capital transfer, business creation, and support for cultural
    endeavors, investors can diversify their portfolios while securing
    residency.

Family members eligible for inclusion in the Golden Visa application
are:

1.  Spouse: The program recognizes the importance of spousal
    relationships, allowing legally recognized spouses or life partners
    to accompany the main applicant in their pursuit of residency.
2.  Children: Dependent children under the age of 18 are eligible for
    inclusion in the application process. Moreover, children of any age
    who are full-time students and dependent on the main applicant may
    also be included, ensuring continuity in their educational pursuits.
3.  Parents: The program extends its inclusivity to the parents of
    either the main applicant or the spouse, provided they are
    dependent. This provision acknowledges the significance of familial
    support and ensures the well-being of elderly parents.

Streamlined Application Process 

1.  Expression of Interest & Pre-Approval: Applicants initiate the
    process by submitting an expression of interest online, followed by
    a pre-approval stage where the investment activity is assessed.
2.  Submission of Documents: Upon pre-approval, applicants compile and
    submit their application along with requisite documentation.
3.  Biometric Data Collection: Following document verification,
    applicants provide biometric data during a scheduled appointment
    with the Portuguese Immigration and Border Service (SEF).
4.  Analysis and Approval: SEF conducts a thorough review, including
    background checks, before granting approval, a process that may take
    several months.
5.  Issuance of Residence Permit: Successful applicants receive their
    residence permit, paving the way for residency in Portugal.

[]

Spain

Launched in 2013, the Spain Golden Visa Program beckons affluent
foreigners to invest in local real estate, stimulate job growth, and
engage in securities transactions.
Applicants are presented with six investment pathways. They can invest
in property, government bonds, or shares of Spanish companies, deposit
funds in a Spanish bank, or venture into businesses or investment funds,
with a minimum investment threshold of €500,000.
What sets the Golden Visa apart is its leniency: no language or cultural
exams are required, and residency in Spain is not mandatory. Moreover,
investors are permitted to lease out their investment properties.
To sustain residency, investors must maintain their investment. After
five years, permanent residency can be secured, paving the way for
citizenship application, though relinquishing the original passport is
mandated.
Benefits of the Spain Golden Visa
1. Visa-Free Schengen Travel: Holders enjoy visa-free travel within
Schengen countries, allowing stays of up to 90 days in a six-month
period.
2. Comprehensive Family Residency: Spouses, unmarried dependent
children, and dependent parents of the main applicant can obtain
residence permits under the Golden Visa program.
3. No Educational or Business Experience Requirements: Applicants are
not obligated to demonstrate proficiency in Spanish, academic
qualifications, or business acumen.
4. Secure Haven Creation: A residence permit offers the flexibility to
visit Spain regardless of border restrictions.
5. No Residency Mandate: Investors and their families are not bound to
reside in Spain, needing only to visit periodically to extend the
residence permit.
6. Access to European Services: Children gain access to Spanish
education, while the entire family can avail themselves of healthcare
services within the Schengen area.
7. Work and Business Opportunities: Investors and their families can
obtain work permits and explore entrepreneurial ventures in Spain.
8. EU Citizenship in 10 Years: Permanent residence is attainable after
five years, with citizenship eligibility following five additional
years.

Requirements and Investment Options
The Spain Residence by Investment Program necessitates investment in
real estate, financial instruments, or government bonds, with varying
minimum values. Additional requirements include financial solvency,
health insurance, and clean criminal records.
Application Process
The application entails selecting an investment route, followed by
securing legal representation to facilitate investment and visa
applications. Subsequent steps involve biometric data submission and
consulate appointments, culminating in a wait for approval, typically
spanning one to three months.
Unrestricted Path to Permanent Residence and Citizenship
Renewal of the residence permit hinges on maintaining the validity of
the investment and a minimum stay in Spain. Permanent residence requires
continuous residence for five years, with citizenship attainable after
ten years, accelerated for certain nationalities.

[]

Italy

Italy, with its rich cultural heritage and strategic Mediterranean
location, offers an enticing prospect for those seeking residency in
Europe. As a founding member of the EU and boasting the third-largest
economy in the eurozone, Italy provides a high standard of living,
quality education, and healthcare, making it an appealing choice for
relocation.
The Golden Visa, also known as the Italian Investor Visa, presents an
opportunity for non-EU citizens to secure a residence permit by
investing €250,000 or more in the country's economy. This program caters
to individuals interested in residing in Italy or exploring visa-free
travel within Europe.
Key features of the Italy Golden Visa program include:
- Visa-Free Travel: Holders of Italian residence permits can travel
visa-free within the EU and Schengen Area, staying up to 90 days out of
180 days.
- Path to EU Citizenship: The Italy Investment Visa serves as a pathway
to EU naturalization, with Italian citizenship attainable after ten
years of continuous residency.
- Quality of Life: Italy offers a comfortable environment for living,
working, and raising a family, with access to employment opportunities,
educational institutions, healthcare services, and a vibrant cultural
scene.
- Cultural Riches: Renowned for its picturesque landscapes, historic
landmarks, and artistic legacy, Italy beckons with its UNESCO World
Heritage Sites and cultural treasures.
- Educational Opportunities: Children of visa holders benefit from
access to European tertiary education, with lower tuition fees compared
to international students.
- Tax Advantages: Eligible investors may avail themselves of a special
tax regime, providing exemptions on profits earned outside Italy and
favorable conditions for a fixed annual tax.
- Market Access: Italy's robust economy offers diverse business
prospects within one of the world's major markets, attracting investors
seeking growth opportunities.
The application process involves meeting certain criteria, including:
- Financial Requirements: Applicants must demonstrate sufficient funds
for investment and residency.
- Documentation: Submission of necessary documents, including proof of
funds, a clean criminal record, and health insurance.
Family members eligible for inclusion in the visa application encompass
spouses, dependent children, and parents under specific conditions.
The Italian government's commitment to fostering international
investment is exemplified through the Golden Visa program, which offers
various investment avenues, including government bonds, company
investments, startups, and philanthropic initiatives.
The application journey involves obtaining a Nulla Osta, submitting
required documentation, and securing an entry visa and residence permit
within the specified timeframes.
With a validity period of two years, the Italy Golden Visa presents
opportunities for renewal, contingent upon continued investment and
adherence to program requirements, offering a pathway to long-term
residency and potential citizenship in this culturally rich and
economically vibrant nation.

[]

Cyprus

With its stunning beaches and Mediterranean climate, Cyprus is an ideal
destination for non-EU nationals seeking permanent residence. The
Cypriot government's commitment to boosting foreign investment and
economic growth is evident through Regulation 6(2) of the Aliens and
Immigration Regulations, which allows the Ministry of Interior to grant
residence permits to non-European investors.
Benefits of the Cypriot Golden Visa
- Tax Optimization: Benefit from no tax on global income and
inheritance, and enjoy low property and income tax rates. Cyprus boasts
one of the lowest corporate tax rates in Europe at 12.5%.
- Efficient Application Process: Enjoy a streamlined application
procedure with a high approval rate when all criteria are met.
- Flexible Residency Requirements: While you do not need to reside in
Cyprus, a visit once every two years is mandatory.
- Educational Opportunities: Dependents can attend high-quality private
schools offering English language courses.
- Family Inclusion: Residence permits extend to the main applicant's
spouse and children under 25 years.
- Remote Processing: Complete the entire process remotely, except for
the biometric capture.
- Pathway to Citizenship: Eligible to apply for Cypriot citizenship
after five years of residence in a span of 7 years.
- Investment Return: After five years, investors can recoup their
investments by selling their properties if they acquire citizenship or
permanent residence.

By investing a minimum of €300,000 (plus VAT) in real estate, you and
your family can become residents of Cyprus. Your application will be
processed, and you will receive your residence permit within two-four
months.
Investment Options
Invest at least €300,000 in:
- Residential or commercial real estate
- Shares of Cypriot companies
- Local investment funds
Dependents Include:
- Spouse
- Dependent children up to 25 years old
Requirements
- Invest a minimum of €300,000 in Cypriot real estate.
- Provide evidence of a secured annual income of at least €50,000 from
outside Cyprus.
- Additional income requirements: €15,000 for a spouse, and €10,000 for
each dependent child.
- Maintain a clear criminal record and good health.
- Visit Cyprus every two years.

Application Process
1. Prepare Application Pack: Collect standard translated and apostille
documents, medical insurance, and a basic CV of the primary applicant.
2. Proof of Income: Confirm and document secured annual income.
3. Transfer Funds: Complete the investment by transferring funds to a
local bank account.
4. Submit Application: Submit the completed application pack.
5. Approval and Biometrics: Approval usually takes 2-4 months.
Afterward, visit Cyprus within a year to complete biometrics and obtain
permanent residence permits.
Pathway to Citizenship
Applicants can apply for citizenship after five years of continuous
residency within a seven-year period.

[]

Worldwide Residency by Investment

[]

Investment Details

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criteria    | Malaysia    | Thailand    | UAE         | United      |
|             |             |             |             | States      |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Investment  |             |             |             |             |
| Details     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Minimum     | $100,000    | $26,000     | $550,000    | $800,000    |
| Investment  |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Investment  | Bank        | N/A         | Real Estate | Business    |
| Type        | Deposit     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Non         | Minimum age |             | N/A         | Net worth   |
| -Investment | r           |             |             | of 1        |
| R           | equirement; |             |             | million     |
| equirements | 25          |             |             | USD.        |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Minimum     | Up to 50%   |             | 3 years     | 2 years     |
| Holding     | after 1     |             |             |             |
| Period for  | year for    |             |             |             |
| Investment  | property    |             |             |             |
|             | purchase,   |             |             |             |
|             | healthcare, |             |             |             |
|             | or domestic |             |             |             |
|             | tourism     |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

[]

Program Specifics and Cost

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criteria    | Malaysia    | Thailand    | UAE         | United      |
|             |             |             |             | States      |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Program     |             |             |             |             |
| Specifics   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Processing  | 3-6 months  | 1-3 months  | 2 months    | 1-2 years   |
| Time        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Residence   | 5  years    | 5 years     | 10 years    | I           |
| Permit      |             |             |             | ndefinitely |
| Validity    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Minimum     | 60          | N/A         | 2           | 6+          |
| Stay        | days/year   |             | visits/year | months/year |
| Requirement |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Application | $1,060      |             |             | $74,900     |
| Processing  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Costs       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cost for 1  | $101,060    |             |             | $874,900    |
| Adult       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cost for 2  | $101,590    |             |             | $876,125    |
| Adults      |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cost for 2  | $102,650    |             |             | $877,350    |
| Adults + 2  |             |             |             |             |
| Children    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cost for 2  | $103,180    |             |             | $878,575    |
| Adults + 3  |             |             |             |             |
| Children    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Cost for 2  | $103,710    |             |             | $879,800    |
| Adults + 4  |             |             |             |             |
| Children    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

[]

Citizenship and Residency

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criteria    | Malaysia    | Thailand    | UAE         | United      |
|             |             |             |             | States      |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Citizenship |             |             |             |             |
| and         |             |             |             |             |
| Residency   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Dual        | No          | Yes         | Yes         | Yes         |
| Citizenship |             |             |             |             |
| Allowed     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Eligibility | 12 years    | N/A         | N/A         | 5+ years    |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| Citizenship |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Minimum     | Continuous  | N/A         | N/A         | 30 months/5 |
| Stay        | Residence   |             |             | years       |
| Requirement |             |             |             |             |
| for         |             |             |             |             |
| Citizenship |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Other       | Adequate    | N/A         | N/A         | Ability to  |
| R           | knowledge   |             |             | read,       |
| equirements | of the      |             |             | write, and  |
| for         | Malay       |             |             | speak basic |
| Citizenship | language,   |             |             | English.    |
|             | and intend  |             |             |             |
|             | to reside   |             |             |             |
|             | permanently |             |             |             |
|             | in          |             |             |             |
|             | Malaysia.   |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

[]

Family Inclusion 

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criteria    | Malaysia    | Thailand    | UAE         | United      |
|             |             |             |             | States      |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Family      |             |             |             |             |
| Inclusion   |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Children    | Under 34,   |             | Under 25    | Under 21    |
| Age Limit   | unmarried   |             | sons,       |             |
|             |             |             | daughters   |             |
|             |             |             | of any age  |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Parents Age | Over 60     |             | N/A         | N/A         |
| Limit       |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Siblings    | N/A         |             |             |             |
| Inclusion   |             |             |             |             |
| Criteria    |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

[]

Additional Considerations

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criteria    | Malaysia    | Thailand    | UAE         | United      |
|             |             |             |             | States      |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Additional  |             |             |             |             |
| Con         |             |             |             |             |
| siderations |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Visa-Free   | N/A         | N/A         | N/A         | USA,        |
| Travel      |             |             |             | Canada,     |
|             |             |             |             | Mexico and  |
|             |             |             |             | Caribbean   |
|             |             |             |             | Countries   |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Local       | No          | No          | Yes         | Yes         |
| Employment  |             |             |             |             |
| Allowed     |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Population  | 34,635,328  | 71,877,650  | 9,584,398   | 341,640,706 |
|             | (2,163,000  | (10,900,000 | (1,593,284  | (7,705,281  |
|             | in Kuala    | in Bangkok) | in Abu      | in          |
|             | Lumpur)     |             | Dhabi)      | Washington) |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Human       | 0.8, 63rd   | 0.8, 66th   | 0.93, 17th  | 0.92, 20th  |
| Development |             |             |             |             |
| Index       |             |             |             |             |
|             |             |             |             |             |
| (higher     |             |             |             |             |
| score is    |             |             |             |             |
| preferable) |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Political   | 61          | 46          | 86          | 55          |
| Stability   |             |             |             |             |
| Index       |             |             |             |             |
| (higher     |             |             |             |             |
| score is    |             |             |             |             |
| preferable) |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Criminality | 6.23        | 6.18        | 6.37        | 5.67        |
| Score       |             |             |             |             |
| (lower      |             |             |             |             |
| score is    |             |             |             |             |
| preferable) |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Foreign     | 0-30%       | 0-35%       | 0%          | 10-37%      |
| Income Tax  |             |             |             |             |
| Rate        |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Learn More About Each Program

[]

Malaysia

Malaysia stands out as one of Asia’s most dynamic economies,
characterized by continuous industrial growth and political stability.
After gaining independence, Malaysia became a member of the British
Commonwealth. Today, it is also a member of the United Nations (UN) and
the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC), and a founding member of
the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
Known for its stunning beaches, breathtaking scenery, and lush
rainforests, Malaysia is an attractive destination for expatriates. The
Government of Malaysia offers two main pathways for residency through
investment: the Malaysia My Second Home (MM2H) Program and the Premium
Visa Program (PVIP). These programs provide long-term, multiple-entry
visas in exchange for investments in the country.
Malaysia My Second Home (MM2H) Program
The MM2H visa is a 10-year, multiple-entry visa designed for individuals
aged 35 and older. Key features of the MM2H program include:
- Visa Requirements: Main applicants and their spouses must spend at
least 90 days per year in Malaysia. Children, parents, and
parents-in-law are exempt from this requirement.
- Family Inclusion: Applicants can include their spouse, parents,
parents-in-law, and unmarried children under 21 years old.
- Property Ownership: Participants can purchase residential properties
ranging from MYR 300,000 (approximately USD 70,000) to MYR 1 million
(approximately USD 230,000), depending on the state.
- Tax Benefits: Malaysia only taxes income sourced within the country
and has an extensive network of double tax agreements.
Premium Visa Program (PVIP)
The PVIP provides a renewable, multiple-entry visa valid for up to 5
years. Benefits of the PVIP include:
- Family Inclusion: You can include your spouse, unmarried children
under 35, and parents or parents-in-law over 60 years of age.
- Property Ownership: Participants are eligible to purchase property
under favorable conditions.
Application Process for MM2H
To apply for the MM2H program, applicants need to prepare the following
documents:
1. Letter of Application: A detailed letter stating your intent to apply
for the MM2H program.
2. Passport: Copies of all pages with personal details and previous
visas, valid for at least 18 months.
3. Proof of Financial Capability: Evidence of liquid assets and a stable
income source, including a copy of your Fixed Deposit Certificate, if
applicable.
4. Background Check: A certified copy of a criminal record check from
your home country.
Application Procedures and Time Frame
Once your MM2H application is submitted and initial approval is granted,
the Malaysia Immigration Department will issue a conditional approval
letter. Note that the MM2H visa does not permit employment in Malaysia,
and neither the MM2H nor the PVIP leads to permanent residence.
After receiving initial approval, applicants must visit Malaysia to
complete the remaining requirements, such as opening a bank account and
fulfilling medical requirements.
By participating in these programs, you can enjoy the diverse and
contemporary lifestyle Malaysia offers while benefiting from a
straightforward and efficient residency by investment process.

[]

Thailand

[]

UAE

[]

United States

The USA remains one of the most sought-after destinations for investors.
The US EB-5 Immigrant Investor Program offers an efficient route to
permanent resident status (a green card) in a short period.
Benefits of the US EB-5 Immigrant Investor Program
1. Moving to the USA or Creating a Safe Haven
The EB-5 visa grants investors and their family members the right to
legally live in the United States, one of the world’s wealthiest and
most developed countries. Visa holders can move to the States
immediately after their visa petition is approved.
2. Opportunity to Obtain US Citizenship
As an immigrant visa, the EB-5 allows investors to receive a Green Card
after two years of living in the US. They are eligible to apply for
citizenship five years later. A US passport permits visa-free travel to
over 160 countries, including the Schengen states, the UK, Canada, and
Japan.
3. Opening Bank Accounts in the USA
EB-5 visa holders can open local bank accounts in various currencies,
including dollars and euros. These accounts can be used for savings,
which may accrue interest, or for international transactions.
4. Access to Education and Healthcare
Residents are eligible for health insurance and treatment in US clinics,
making the USA a hub for medical tourism, especially in specialties such
as gynecology, oncology, plastic surgery, and resuscitation.
Additionally, investors’ children can attend US public schools for free
and receive scholarships for higher education. The country also offers
international schools that issue International Baccalaureate (IB)
diplomas.
5. Getting a Driver’s License
EB-5 visa holders can obtain an international driver’s license to drive
in the US.
6. Investment Return
While the EB-5 program doesn’t guarantee investment returns, investors
may receive returns after the investment cycle, typically spanning 5-7
years. The return rate varies depending on the specifics of the chosen
project.
7. No Need for a Sponsor
Investors do not need a sponsor to apply for the EB-5 visa; they only
need to meet the program’s requirements.
Additional Benefits
- The USA is one of the most desirable business and lifestyle
destinations worldwide.
- The country offers a range of top-tier schools and Ivy League
universities.
- The program provides a straightforward path to permanent resident
status.
- The ability to include a spouse and unmarried children under 21 years
old.
- Minimal application requirements, with no need for business experience
or language proficiency.
- Flexible physical presence requirements.
- Citizenship possible after five years of legal residence.
The EB-5 Immigrant Investor Program: Stimulating Economic Growth
The EB-5 Immigrant Investor Program is designed to stimulate economic
growth in the United States through foreign investment. It offers a
method for eligible Immigrant Investors to become lawful permanent
residents – known as “green card” holders – by investing at least
$800,000 into a new commercial enterprise that will create a minimum of
10 full-time jobs for U.S. workers. This eligibility extends to the
investor’s spouse and unmarried children under 21.
Investment Thresholds
- General Requirement: $1,050,000
- TEA Requirement: $800,000 (Targeted Employment Areas, which are rural
areas or those with high unemployment levels)
The Investment Process
1. Choosing an Investment Pathway
Investors can choose between direct investment into a new commercial
enterprise or through a Regional Center. Direct investment grants the
investor complete control of the business, requiring a capital
investment of either $1,050,000 or $800,000 if in a TEA. Investing
through a USCIS-designated Regional Center allows pooling of funds to
finance larger projects, typically in TEAs, simplifying job creation
requirements.
2. Risk and Due Diligence
EB-5 investments must be ‘at risk’ to ensure genuine capital investment
rather than merely “buying” a visa. Investors must conduct thorough due
diligence to assess risks, including the financial viability of the
project, job-creation potential, and the credibility of the Regional
Center or direct investment opportunity.
The EB-5 Application Process
The EB-5 application process requires meticulous documentation and
adherence to USCIS protocols, with each step needing to be completed
sequentially.
1. Form I-526: Immigrant Petition by Alien Investor
The first step involves filing Form I-526 to demonstrate that the
applicant has invested or is in the process of investing the required
amount into a qualifying US business and that the investment will create
at least 10 full-time jobs for US workers.
2. Adjustment of Status vs. Consular Processing
Upon approval of Form I-526, candidates within the US can apply for
Adjustment of Status to become conditional permanent residents by filing
Form I-485. Those outside the US must undergo Consular Processing,
applying for an immigrant visa at a US consulate abroad to enter the US
as conditional permanent residents.
3. Form I-829: Petition by Entrepreneur to Remove Conditions
After two years of conditional permanent residence, applicants must file
Form I-829 to remove conditions and become lawful permanent residents.
Approval grants the investor, their spouse, and unmarried children under
21 permanent residency.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[] Insert Content Template or Symbol

[]



[]

Terms of Service

Last Updated: May 28, 2024

Welcome to armenian-lawyer.com (the "Website"). These Terms of Service
("Terms") govern your use of our Website and any services offered
through the Website (collectively, the "Services"). By accessing or
using the Website, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms.
If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Website.

1. Acceptance of Terms

By using the Website, you agree to these Terms and acknowledge that you
have read and understood them. If you are using the Services on behalf
of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the
authority to bind that entity to these Terms.

2. Changes to Terms

We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. Any changes will
be effective immediately upon posting on the Website. Your continued use
of the Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the
new Terms. We recommend you review these Terms periodically.

3. Privacy Policy

Your use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which
can be found here. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our
practices regarding your personal data.

4. Use of the Website

4.1 Eligibility

You must be at least 18 years old to use the Services. By using the
Website, you represent and warrant that you meet this age requirement.

4.2 Account Registration

To access certain features of the Services, you may be required to
register for an account. You agree to provide accurate, current, and
complete information during the registration process and to update such
information to keep it accurate, current, and complete. You are
responsible for safeguarding your password and for any activities or
actions under your account.

4.3 Prohibited Conduct

You agree not to use the Website for any unlawful purpose or in any way
that might harm, disrupt, or otherwise interfere with the Website or the
networks or servers supporting the Website. Prohibited conduct includes,
but is not limited to:

-   Engaging in any activity that violates any applicable law or
    regulation.
-   Posting or transmitting content that infringes any third party’s
    rights or that is unlawful, defamatory, obscene, fraudulent, or
    harmful.
-   Attempting to interfere with the proper working of the Website.

5. Intellectual Property

All content and materials on the Website, including but not limited to
text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, and software, are the
property of armenian-lawyer.com or its content suppliers and are
protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws.
You may not use any content from the Website without the express written
permission of armenian-lawyer.com.

6. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability

6.1 Disclaimers

The Website and Services are provided "as is" and "as available" without
any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We do not warrant
that the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free.

6.2 Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, armenian-lawyer.com
will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential,
or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether
incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or
other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your use or inability to use
the Services; (ii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers
and/or any personal information stored therein; (iii) any interruption
or cessation of transmission to or from the Services; (iv) any bugs,
viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or
through the Services by any third party; (v) any errors or omissions in
any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of
any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available
through the Services; and/or (vi) the defamatory, offensive, or illegal
conduct of any third party.

7. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless armenian-lawyer.com,
its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and
agents, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and
expenses, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting
fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use
of the Services, or your violation of these Terms.

8. Governing Law

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws
of the Republic of Armenia without regard to its conflict of laws
provisions.

9. Dispute Resolution

Any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services
will be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the
rules of the Republic of Armenia.

10. General

10.1 Entire Agreement

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and
armenian-lawyer.com regarding the use of the Services.

10.2 Severability

If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the
remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

10.3 Waiver

No waiver of any term or condition of these Terms will be deemed a
further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and
armenian-lawyer.com's failure to assert any right or provision under
these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

11. Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at:

-   Email: [email protected]
-   Address: 4/3 Pirumyanner St., Sutie 12 ,Yerevan 0054, Armenia

Thank you for using armenian-lawyer.com.

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   []Registration
    -   []Business Opportunities
    -   []Taxation
    -   []Employment
    -   []Employer of Record
    -   []Outsourcing
    -   []Trademark
    -   []Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   []Residence
    -   []Residence by Investment
    -   []Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   []Citizenship
    -   []Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia: A Promising Investment Destination in an Emerging Market 

Armenia's economy has experienced remarkable growth, with its GDP
expanding by 8.7% in 2023. However, the GDP per capita remains low, at
around $8,000, indicating the need for continued development. The banks
in Armenia play a crucial role in supporting this economic growth by
providing essential financial services and fostering investment
opportunities.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Banking in Armenia

Banks in Armenia: The Current Landscape

-    Armenia currently has 18 banks, a number expected to decrease due
    to rising capital requirements leading to mergers.
-   Among the banks in Armenia, the largest is Ardshinbank, which holds
    assets of approximately $4 billion, while the average bank holds $1
    billion, highlighting the dominance of small local institutions.
-   HSBC, the sole international brand among the banks of Armenia, is
    undergoing acquisition.
-   Most Armenian banks lack international ratings, and those rated are
    categorized as speculative investments, reflecting the inherent
    risks and opportunities of emerging markets.
-   When considering the best banks in Armenia, it is essential to
    evaluate both their asset size and their capacity to adapt to
    changing regulatory requirements.

Investment Preferences in Armenia

-    Traditional investments like bank deposits, real estate, and gold
    are favored by Armenians, with foreign markets and complex options
    generally avoided.
-   The banks in Armenia cater primarily to local preferences, offering
    products and services tailored to these choices.
-    The recent influx of Russians has introduced a shift, potentially
    leading to a more significant foreign influence in the Armenian
    financial market, affecting both the banks of Armenia and their
    investment offerings.

Investment Opportunities and Considerations

-    Banks in Armenia offer attractive interest rates, reaching up to
    11% for deposits in Armenian Dram (AMD) compared to 5% for USD
    deposits.
-   The Armenian Dram has exhibited remarkable stability compared to
    neighboring currencies, making it an appealing option for investors
    seeking to preserve and grow their capital in a less volatile
    environment. This stability enhances the appeal of the banks of
    Armenia for both local and foreign investors.

Opening a Bank Account in Armenia

-   While opening a bank account in Armenia doesn't require residency
    and can be done online or through a power of attorney, the trend is
    shifting towards stricter regulations, making remote account opening
    more challenging.
-   Holding a residence permit streamlines the process with banks in
    Armenia, but obtaining it solely for banking purposes might not be
    practical.
-   Visiting Armenia in person can facilitate the account opening
    process with banks of Armenia and offer valuable insights into the
    local banking culture and investment landscape.
-   The approval process typically takes a few days, and choosing a bank
    requires careful consideration, as certain institutions may pose
    complications due to international sanctions.
-   Ardshinbank, a popular choice among banks in Armenia, may not offer
    the most competitive interest rates for non-residents. Converse
    Bank, Evocabank, and ID Bank are noteworthy alternatives among banks
    of Armenia, offering favorable terms, competitive rates, and a
    welcoming approach to foreign clients.

Depositing Funds and Documenting the Transaction

• Once your account is approved, transfer your funds securely through an
international wire transfer. Consult with your bank for specific
requirements, fees, and documentation needed.
• Upon transferring funds, structure your deposit based on your
investment goals. Opting for term deposits offers fixed interest rates
over a specified period, but remember that early withdrawal results in
forfeiting all accrued interest.

FATCA Compliance for US Tax Residents

US tax residents opening a bank account in Armenia must comply with
FATCA by filling out the relevant forms to ensure transparency and
adherence to US tax laws.

Navigating Online and Mobile Banking

Banks in Armenia offer online and mobile banking facilities, but
customer service response times can vary significantly in case of
technical issues. Consider the bank's reputation for service
responsiveness when making your selection.

Investing in Bonds vs. Term Deposits

• Term deposits are popular due to their simplicity and perceived
stability.
• Bonds offer potentially higher yields but require a longer-term
commitment and additional steps, like opening a brokerage account and
communicating with your broker.

Key Differences Between Bonds and Term Deposits

• Liquidity: Bonds are generally less liquid than term deposits, as they
are locked in until maturity.
• Returns: Bonds typically offer higher interest rates than term
deposits.
• Taxation: Interest income from bonds is generally exempt from tax in
Armenia, while term deposit interest is subject to a 10% withholding
tax.

Types of Bonds Available in Armenia

• Corporate Bonds: Offered in AMD and USD, providing flexibility in
terms of currency exposure.
• Government Bonds: Exclusively available in AMD, supporting the local
economy.
• Eurobonds: Denominated in USD and traded on foreign exchanges,
offering international exposure.

Armenia's Commitment to Financial Transparency

Armenia has implemented the CRS (Common Reporting Standard) to enhance
financial transparency and combat tax evasion. Legislative amendments
have also streamlined the process for governmental access to bank
account information, and information exchange under the CRS is expected
to begin next year.

Deposit Insurance Scheme

• Armenia has a deposit insurance scheme in place since 2003, protecting
individual deposits up to 16 million Armenian Drams (AMD) (approximately
$40,000 USD) in case of bank insolvency. While this offers a layer of
security for depositors, it's always wise to choose a reputable and
financially sound bank to minimize risks
• It's important to note that this insurance scheme has not been tested
in practice due to the absence of bank runs in Armenia's recent history.
Additionally, the coverage limit of $40,000 USD might not be sufficient
for all investors, especially those considering larger deposits.

Additional Considerations

• Minimum Deposit Amounts: Generally, minimum deposit amounts are quite
low, starting at $50 to $100, making Armenia an accessible option for
various investment levels.
• Russian Ruble Deposits: Due to Armenia's close economic ties with
Russia, it's common for locals to hold accounts and make deposits in
Russian Rubles (RUB). This could be attractive for investors seeking
exposure to the RUB without directly dealing with Russian banks.
• Investing Through a Corporate Structure: While technically possible to
invest in bank deposits or government bonds through a local limited
liability company (LLC), this option adds complexity. Banks thoroughly
vet the ultimate beneficial owners of companies and ensure they are
operational to prevent shell company usage. If considering a corporate
structure, purchasing an existing company with an existing bank account
might be a more practical alternative.

Conclusion

Armenia presents an intriguing market for investors seeking high
interest rates, currency stability, and emerging market exposure. The
banks in Armenia are evolving, with an influx of international capital
and potential for consolidation. However, navigating the market requires
a cautious and well-informed approach. Carefully evaluate your
investment goals, risk tolerance, and tax implications before making a
decision. Consider seeking professional financial advice tailored to
your specific circumstances. The banks of Armenia offer unique
opportunities, but a thorough understanding of the market dynamics is
essential.

Key Takeaways:

-   Armenia's economy is growing, but per capita GDP remains low.
-   The banking sector is dominated by small local institutions,
    including the banks in Armenia.
-   Traditional investments are favored, but recent trends indicate
    potential change in the banks of Armenia
-    Armenia offers attractive interest rates and currency stability,
    with the banks in Armenia providing competitive terms.
-   Opening a bank account with the banks of Armenia is relatively
    straightforward, but having residency might ease the process.
-   Consider US tax implications (FATCA) if applicable when dealing with
    the banks in Armenia.
-    Online and mobile banking are available through the banks of
    Armenia, but service responsiveness can vary.
-   Term deposits are popular in the banks in Armenia, but bonds offer
    potentially higher yields.
-   Armenia is committed to financial transparency, a principle upheld
    by the banks of Armenia.
-   The deposit insurance scheme in Armenia protects up to $40,000 USD.

Final Note:

This information is intended solely for informational purposes and
should not be construed as financial advice. Always conduct thorough
research and consult with a qualified financial professional before
making any investment decisions.

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

Bank Account

Name

Citizenship (Place of Incorporation) AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email address *

Remote Opening of Bank Account

I need remote opening

I prefer to travel to Armenia and open the account in person

I will need the following services:

E-banking (Internet banking or mobile banking)

Debit card (VISA or MasterCard)

Multi-currency accounts

Deposit box

Bank deposit/investment services

Remote bank opening

Comments/Questions

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Introduction to Special Residency/Passport in Armenia

This article explores the benefits associated with obtaining special
residency/passport status in Armenia. From access to healthcare and
educational prospects to land ownership privileges, Armenia extends an
array of opportunities to those who receive this residency status.

Access to Healthcare as a Special Passport Holder in Armenia

Holders of a special passport are entitled to enlist the services of a
family physician upon registering as per the protocol at a primary care
medical institution, which offers complimentary healthcare services.
Although neither citizens nor regular residence permit holders are
legally mandated to acquire health insurance, Armenia boasts six
licensed insurance companies that offer health coverage. Annual premiums
typically fall within the range of $300 to $600 per individual.

Education Opportunities for Special Passport Holders in Armenia

Armenia boasts a number of esteemed universities, with one of the most
renowned institutions extending benefits specifically to international
students holding special passports.
The American University of Armenia, recognized for its academic
excellence, welcomes many international students annually. Special
residence permit holders in Armenia receive an automatic subsidy of
approximately 50% off the published international tuition rates.

Relocation to Armenia: Personal belongings 

Special passport holders are eligible to obtain a certificate of
permanent residence in Armenia, entitling them to import personal
belongings without incurring customs fees. The Migration and Citizenship
Service typically issues the certificate within a brief period of 5
business days. Remote application submission through a designated
representative is also possible for those with prior visits to Armenia.

Family members 

Special passport holders enjoy the legal provision granting extended
family members (comprising parents, siblings, spouses, children,
grandparents, and grandchildren) eligibility for a 1-year temporary
residence permit. Furthermore, after sustaining uninterrupted residence
as dependents for a continuous period of 3 years, family members can
qualify for a 5-year permanent residence permit, contingent upon
demonstrating adequate housing and financial means.

Rights to Own Land

While Armenia permits all foreign nationals to hold full ownership of
real estate within the country, it imposes restrictions on the
acquisition of agricultural land. Special residency holders stand as the
sole exception, endowed with the privilege of owning agricultural land
in their name under the law.

Conclusion and Final Thoughts on the Benefits of a Special Passport in Armenia

In conclusion, obtaining a special residency/passport in Armenia opens a
world of opportunity. The country's welcoming environment, coupled with
its rich cultural heritage and natural beauty, creates the perfect
backdrop for a fulfilling life. 

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Navigating Armenia's Entrepreneurial Ecosystem and Its Benefits

Armenia is a country that has been steadily growing as a hub for
startups and entrepreneurial activity. Its vibrant and dynamic
entrepreneurial ecosystem offers numerous benefits for those looking to
establish and grow their businesses. From its supportive government
policies to its highly skilled workforce, Armenia provides an ideal
environment for entrepreneurs to thrive. 

[]

Benefits of Starting a Company in Armenia

1. Armenia offers ultra-fast, with standard documents allowing for
one-day registration, while tailored or remote registrations typically
take only one to three business days. This swift process yields a
registration certificate and a taxpayer ID number, enabling immediate
start of operations.
2. With no stipulated minimum capital requirements, and an option for a
nominal paid-up capital of just $1, Armenia ensures a cost-effective
registration procedure. Notably, government fees are absent during both
company registration and renewal, eliminating recurring financial
burdens.
3. Armenia warmly welcomes foreign ownership without imposing
constraints. Foreign nationals can maintain full ownership, devoid of
local partnership or agent obligations. Neither citizenship nor
residency of shareholders imposes limitations.
4. Micro-businesses, IT startups, entities in economic or industrial
zones, and more are eligible for zero-tax status. Companies with annual
sales below 115 million drams (approximately $299,000) incur sales
turnover taxes ranging from 1.5% to 5%. Dividend taxation stands at 5%
and remains flexible due to numerous double-tax treaties. Capital gains
from asset sales remain untaxed, and a range of financial transactions
including gifts, inheritance, net worth, and insurance/pension payments
are exempt from taxation.
5. Armenia boasts a highly educated and skilled workforce, with an
impressive adult literacy rate of 99.7%. Multilingual universities
contribute to a talent pool renowned for its qualifications. The minimum
monthly wage stands at $195, while the national average is approximately
$690.

Capitalizing on Armenia's Entrepreneurial Scene for Residency

For those considering residency in Armenia, having an owned business in
Armenia either in the form of a "private entrepreneur" or a shareholder
of a for-profit company, such as LLC, JSC, or cooperative, can be used
as a legal basis. The law does not specify a minimum share size to
qualify for residence, thereby allowing even owners of small shares,
like 5% or 1%, to use this for residency application.
The nature of the business carries significance, influencing the type of
evidence and supporting documents requisite for the application. For
instance, those opening retail stores must demonstrate possession of
requisite commercial premises, equipment, and inventory. IT specialists
operating from home should showcase their workspace, elucidate their
services, clientele, payment mechanisms, and the outcomes of their work.
Armenia does not establish a minimum investment or income threshold, but
the generated business income should adequately cover the applicant's
living expenses.
Paying taxes substantiates the authenticity and functionality of the
business. Applications from businesses that don't generate income or
fail to pay taxes on their income are prone to rejection.

Final Points of Residency Benefits in Armenia

Armenia is an attractive option for those seeking residency without the
need for physical presence in the country, as there are no minimum stay
requirements. Minimum stay requisites are absent, and residency can be
extended to family members (spouse, minor and adult children, siblings,
grandparents, etc.). With robust affiliations with Western nations like
the European Union and the USA, as well as a visa-free regime with
countries such as Russia, Iran, and China, Armenia provides a pathway to
increased freedom and options. An Armenian residence permit serves as a
valuable "insurance policy," facilitating access to banking services,
investment prospects, permanent property ownership, and land rights.
Opting for Armenian citizenship permits dual citizenship.

Conclusion: the Potential and Opportunities in Armenia for Entrepreneurs

Armenia's entrepreneurial ecosystem offers a wealth of potential and
opportunities for entrepreneurs. With its attractive residency benefits,
favorable taxation framework, and skilled labor pool, Armenia stands as
an ideal environment for startups and small-scale enterprises to
flourish.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Introduction to Armenian citizenship

This comprehensive guide will give you essential insights into the
various routes to obtain Armenian citizenship.

Citizenship by Descent

Foreign nationals with Armenian lineage may qualify for citizenship by
descent. This avenue extends eligibility to individuals boasting at
least one Armenian parent or grandparent. To substantiate Armenian
ancestry, applicants must furnish a church- or government-issued
document affirming their own or their parent's/grandparent's Armenian
ethnicity. Notably, this path imposes no linguistic or residency
prerequisites upon ethnic Armenians.

Citizenship through Marriage

Another avenue towards Armenian citizenship is through marriage to an
Armenian citizen. Eligibility arises following two years of marital
union. The process mandates the provision of documentary evidence of
marriage, such as a marriage certificate, alongside proof of lawful
residence within Armenia for a cumulative 365-day period over the
preceding two years. While an examination of knowledge on the Armenian
Constitution is requisite, spouses of Armenian citizens are accorded the
privilege of undergoing this examination with the assistance of an
authorized translator.

Citizenship based on Having a Child who is a Citizen of Armenia

Armenian citizenship can also be acquired through having a child who
holds Armenian citizenship, be it a minor or an adult. Similar to other
paths, this route demands a proficiency test in Armenian Constitution
knowledge and offers the option of utilizing a licensed translator
during the examination.

Citizenship through Naturalization

Individuals maintaining a residency status in Armenia for a continuous
three-year duration are eligible to seek Armenian citizenship through
naturalization. This process, too, mandates a proficiency test in
Armenian Constitution knowledge, administered in the Armenian language.

Citizenship by Exception

Armenia provides an exceptional pathway to citizenship for those without
any of the aforementioned legal foundations for application. The law
permits the grant of Armenian citizenship to foreign nationals who have
rendered exceptional services to the nation, as well as individuals with
noteworthy contributions in the fields of economy, science, education,
culture, healthcare, and athletics. In October 2022, the Government
published a draft law outlining specific criteria for applicants under
this category, although the final decision remains pending.

Dual Citizenship in Armenia

Armenia embraces dual citizenship, affording individuals the capacity to
retain their existing citizenship while acquiring Armenian citizenship.
This policy accommodates those who seek to preserve their original
citizenship or leverage the advantages associated with possessing
multiple passports. Armenian citizens obtaining citizenship from another
country maintain their Armenian citizenship, while foreign citizens
gaining Armenian citizenship need not renounce their original
citizenship. Dual citizens enjoy the privileges and prerogatives of both
nations, including unrestricted travel and residence in either country.

Military Requirements for Male Citizens

Armenian male citizens bear additional responsibilities concerning
military service. Males aged 18 to 26 are obligated to serve in the
Armenian Armed Forces or engage in alternative service, unless exempted
under specific circumstances outlined in the law. The compulsory
military service duration is two years. All male citizens aged 16 to 55
are required to register with the military office. Those under 55 may be
called upon for military training sessions, which can extend for up to
three weeks.

Conclusion

In summary, whether one possesses Armenian lineage, is wed to an
Armenian citizen, considers investment, or has established residence in
Armenia, there exists a spectrum of pathways to attain Armenian
citizenship.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia: A Comprehensive Guide for a Seamless Transition

[]

Nestled in the captivating South Caucasus region of Eurasia, Armenia
beckons with its enchanting landscapes, rich history, vibrant culture,
and warm-hearted people. If you're considering a move to this beautiful
country, you're in luck! In this comprehensive guide, we'll walk you
through the process of obtaining residency in Armenia, including various
permit options, eligibility criteria, required documents, the
application process, timelines, renewal and extension procedures and
possible pathways to citizenship.

Introduction to Residency in Armenia: Embrace a New Adventure

Armenia presents a treasure trove of benefits for expats seeking new
horizons. Among these is the ease of obtaining residency. Armenia offers
a range of residency permits tailored to different needs. Whether you're
a student, a worker, a freelancer or an entrepreneur, there's a
residency permit that suits you.
Moreover, Armenia boasts a low cost of living and beneficial taxation
system, making it an attractive option for those looking to maximize
their budget while enjoying a high quality of life. With affordable
housing, food, transportation, and healthcare, Armenia is a hidden gem
for expats seeking a well-rounded and fulfilling experience.

Types of Residency Permits in Armenia: Finding Your Perfect Fit

When it comes to residency permits, Armenia has several options to cater
to the purpose of your stay. There are three types of permits in
Armenia:
•  Temporary residence permit: Valid for up to one year, this permit is
designed for foreigners engaged in work, study, or those who have family
ties to residents/citizens of Armenia or are ethnic Armenians.
•  Permanent residence permit: Issued for a 5-year period, this permit
is granted to foreigners actively involved in lawful business activities
within Armenia whether it is through investment in an existing business
or setting up a new one. Ethnic Armenians and family members of Armenian
citizens (who have had residence permits of 3 years as dependents
before) can also be eligible for this permit.
•  Special residence permit: Primarily intended for individuals of
Armenian ethnicity, this 10-year permit can also be granted to
foreigners who have made significant contributions to Armenia's
economic, scientific, or cultural development. Usually it is advisable
to start with a 1 or 5-year residence permits before you apply for the
special one.

Benefits of Residency in Armenia: Embrace a World of Possibilities

Obtaining residency in Armenia opens the doors to an array of benefits,
including:
•  Visa-free travel: Enjoy the freedom to travel in and out of Armenia
without a visa and reside in the country for an extended period.
•  Flexibility: No obligatory minimum days required to apply for or
maintain your residence permit.
•  Indefinite extension: Extend your residence permit indefinitely as
long as the legal basis remains valid.
•  Pathway to citizenship: After maintaining residency for three years,
you can apply for Armenian citizenship. 

Required Documents for Residency Permit Application: Gather Your Essentials

To apply for a residency permit in Armenia, you'll need the following
documents:
•  Valid passport.
•  Medical certificate indicating practically good health and absence of
infectious diseases.
•  Documents substantiating your legal basis (e.g., business-related
documents for entrepreneurs/investors, employment contract for employees
of Armenian company, etc.).
•  No criminal record or bank account statements from your country are
required.

Application Process for Residency Permit in Armenia: Smooth Sailing Ahead

The application process for a residency permit in Armenia is relatively
straightforward. You can apply for a residency permit at the Migration
and Citizenship Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Here's an
overview of the steps involved:
•  Book an appointment with the Migration and Citizenship Service
online.
•  Submit the required documents.
•  Attend an interview with a national security officer within 2-3 weeks
of submitting your application.
•  Await processing of your application, with a typical timeline of
60-65 calendar days for temporary and permanent residency permits.

Renewal and Extension of Residency Permit in Armenia: Keep Your Journey Going

If you wish to renew or extend your residency permit in Armenia, it's
essential to apply for an extension at least 30 days before your permit
expires. Updated documents proving the validity of your legal basis will
be required. The renewal or extension process typically takes again
around two months, ensuring a seamless continuation of your stay in
Armenia.

Citizenship through Residency in Armenia: A Doorway to Belonging

Once you've maintained a residence permit in Armenia for three years,
you become eligible to apply for Armenian citizenship. As part of the
application process, you'll need to pass a multiple-choice test on
knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. The test consists of 33
questions, with a minimum of 17 correct answers required for success. As
the test is conducted in Armenian, you will need to allocate time to
learn the basics of the language before submitting your citizenship
application. Embrace this opportunity to deepen your connection with
Armenia.

Conclusion: Unlock a World of Adventure in Armenia

Whether you're an ambitious student, a driven professional, or an
enterprising entrepreneur, there's a residency permit tailored to your
aspirations. By following the guidelines outlined in this article, you
can successfully obtain residency in Armenia.
If you're considering relocating to Armenia, allow Vardanyan & Partners
Law Firm to expertly guide you through the residency permit application
process, ensuring you meet all eligibility criteria. Contact us today to
embark on your Armenian adventure!

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

In this article, we will explore the legal landscape for digital nomads
in Armenia, with a specific focus on work permits and the tax system.

[]

Understanding legal basics for digital nomads

Armenia, despite not having a specific government-designed program for
digital nomads, does provide freedom for them to work and live in the
country. As a digital nomad engaging in freelancing or remote work in
Armenia, you are not obliged to obtain a work permit or a work visa,
which are reserved for foreign employees of Armenian firms. Instead, a
regular visa will suffice, and if you are from a visa-exempt country,
you can enter Armenia and begin working remotely. However, if you plan
to stay in Armenia for extended periods, obtaining a residence permit
will likely be necessary.

Taxes for digital nomads in Armenia

In Armenia, digital nomads are exempt from taxation on their worldwide
income unless they stay in the country for more than 183 days in a
calendar year. If they exceed this duration, they will be considered tax
residents of Armenia and will have tax obligations. The tax rate will
depend on the type of income. While business income is generally taxable
at 20%, dividends are taxed at 5%, interest income is taxable at 10%,
etc.

Residence permits for digital nomads

If digital nomads decide to extend their stay beyond their visa period,
they can get a residence permit in Armenia by registering a business in
Armenia. The process involves acquiring a local tax ID number by
registering as a "private entrepreneur" at the State Registry of Legal
Entities, which typically takes 1-2 business days. After registering as
a "private entrepreneur," foreigners can apply for a residence permit..
The residency application is typically processed within two months, and
an interview with a national security officer may be conducted within
around three weeks of submitting the application to verify the
genuineness and operation of the business.

Navigating the tax system

For businesses with annual sales (income) not exceeding AMD 24 million
(about USD 62,000), the "microbusiness" status may be granted, exempting
them from taxes. However, certain services, such as consulting,
marketing, engineering, accounting, etc., cannot enjoy this status. If
the "microbusiness" status is not applicable, the turnover tax regime
can be used, taxing income (sales) at 5%, provided annual sales do not
exceed AMD 115 million (about USD 298,000). Private entrepreneurs under
the turnover tax regime pay a fixed amount of AMD 5,000 (around USD 13)
per month as income tax, AMD 5,000 (around USD 13) per month as social
payments, and AMD 18,000 to 120,000 (around USD 47 to 311) per year as a
military tax. To ensure accurate and timely filing of various tax
returns, it is highly recommended to engage the services of a local
accountant.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Armenia, a constituent of the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU), extends an
array of advantages to citizens from EAEU nations aspiring to secure a
residence permit. This permit grants the privilege of a prolonged stay
in Armenia, enabling them to enjoy the country's vibrant culture,
economic opportunities, and high quality of life. In this article, we
will explore the requirements, benefits, and step-by-step process of
obtaining a certificate of legality of stay in Armenia for EAEU citizens
engaged in employment in an Armenian company.

Understanding the EAEU and its impact on residency in Armenia

The Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) is an economic union comprised of
five member states, including Armenia. Its primary aim is to promote
economic integration and cooperation among its member countries. The
EAEU has simplified the process of obtaining a certificate of legality
of stay for its citizens, making it easier to establish a long-term
presence in Armenia.

Step-by-step process of obtaining a certificate of legality of stay based on employment in Armenia

The process of obtaining a residence permit in Armenia as an EAEU
citizen can be broken down into several steps. Firstly, citizens of
these countries are exempted from the work permit requirement, thus,
they can directly apply for a certificate of legality of stay through
the website www.workpermit.am.
 
For the application, the citizens should submit the following documents;
•  Social Security Number
•  Passport Copy
•  Employment Agreement
•  Residence Address in Armenia
•  Passport-Sized Photograph (3.5cm x 4.5cm)
The process takes around 2 months to complete, and if approved, you can
receive the card at the Migration and Citizenship Service of Armenia.
Please note that the certificate is issued only for 1 year.
Furthermore, EAEU citizens already registered on the work permit portal
can simultaneously submit applications for their family members (spouse,
parents, children) to obtain certificates of legality of stay in
Armenia.

Renewing and extending a certificate of legality of stay in Armenia for EAEU citizens

Once you have obtained a certificate of legality of stay in Armenia, it
is important to be aware of the renewal and extension process.
Typically, this document is valid for a one-year interval and may be
renewed annually provided that the employment is still active. For
renewal, the applicant should submit a new employment agreement
alongside any document that has been modified since the first
application. It is important to note that application for extension is
permissible no sooner than 30 calendar days before the expiration of the
card's validity period.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

‍Introduction to Special Residency in Armenia

Special residency, commonly referred to as a 'special passport,' is a
prestigious document conferring a 10-year residency status within
Armenia. Distinguishing itself from traditional residence permits, this
permit is issued in the form of a passport. This article is a guide to
different routes available for attaining special residency in Armenia.

What is the Digital Nomad Visa for Armenia?

Armenia allows remote workers from a number of countries to live and
work in Armenia visa-free for up to 180 days. Remote workers who stay
past the 180-day deadline can register as “private entrepreneurs” and
obtain one-year (temporary) or five-year (permanent) residence permits.
The above rules apply whether you are a freelancer, remote worker, or
self-employed. There is no minimum monthly income to show. However, an
immigration officer may want to make sure you are able to cover your
living expenses in Armenia.

Different Routes to Special Residency in Armenia

Armenia provides two primary pathways to obtain special residency:
ethnicity-based and exception-based special residency applications.

Ethnicity-based Special Residency Programs
Given Armenia's extensive diaspora across the globe, the country extends
an opportunity for diasporans to secure a 10-year special residency. The
applicants can be eligible for this residency status upon the
presentation of documentary evidence affirming Armenian ethnicity. Such
substantiating documents include:
-  The applicant's baptism certificate, issued by a recognized church
organization listed in a governmental decree, validating their or their
parents' Armenian ethnicity.
-  The applicant's, their parents', grandparents', or siblings' birth
certificates, or any government-issued document affirming Armenian
ethnicity.
Exception-based Special Residency Programs
In addition to ethnicity-based applications, Armenia also extends an
exception-based special residency program. This avenue is tailored for
individuals without Armenian lineage who have made substantial
contributions to the Armenian economy or culture. As of the present,
specific criteria for eligibility remain undisclosed. Consequently,
prospective applicants are advised to secure a 1-year or 5-year
residence permit before pursuing special residency.

How to Apply for Special Residency in Armenia

Foreign nationals can initiate their special residency applications
within Armenia or at Armenian embassies and consulates abroad. In
Armenia, applications are submitted to the Migration and Citizenship
Service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Armenia,
either in person or remotely via a designated Power of Attorney. To
submit an application within Armenia, applicants must prearrange an
appointment with the Migration and Citizenship Service.
The application submission necessitates the provision of the following
documents:
-  A valid passport.
-  A notarized translation of the passport
-  Six photographs measuring 35x45mm.
-  A duly legalized document substantiating the legal foundation of the
application.(government or church-issued document)
-  A biographic questionnaire.
Typically, governmental processing of special residence permit
applications spans a period of 60-70 calendar days. It is noteworthy
that extensions of the special residence permit are possible, and they
can be applied for more than once.

Conclusion and Final Thoughts on Exploring Different Routes to Special Residency in Armenia

Securing a special passport affords foreign individuals the privilege of
living and working within Armenia, simultaneously contributing to the
nation's prosperity and advancement.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



Click here...



Passport Application

Biographic Information (Passport Application)

1. First Name

2. Last Name

3. Father's Name (Patronymic)

4. Date of Birth (Day, Month, Year)

5. Place of Birth (Country)

6. Ethnicity

7. The following legal grounds are available for acquiring Armenian
citizenship

I am an ethnic Armenian

I have permanently resided in the Republic of Armenia in the manner
prescribed by law for the last 3 years

I have been in a registered marriage with a citizen of the Republic of
Armenia for the last 2 years and I have lawfully resided in the Republic
of Armenia for at least 365 days during these 2 years

I have a child who is an Armenian citizen

I have voluntarily renounced the citizenship of the Republic of Armenia
after January 1, 1995

I have a refugee status in the Republic of Armenia

I am a stateless person residing in the Republic of Armenia

My parents (one of them) had citizenship of the Republic of Armenia in
the past or were born in the Republic of Armenia, and I am applying to
acquire the citizenship of the Republic of Armenia within 3 years after
reaching the age of 18

8. I have the citizenship of the following country (if you are a citizen
of more than two countries please indicate all)

9. Relation to the military service (yes or no, if yes, indicate your
military rank)

10․ My immediate relatives (father, mother, spouse, child) are:
(Relationship - First Name, Last Name, Father's Name - Day, Month, Year
of Birth - Ethnicity - Citizenship)

11. Address of residence: in the Republic of Armenia and in the foreign
country

12. Phone number: in the Republic of Armenia and in the foreign country

13. Email address

14. As to receiving notices on the process of the application for
citizenship to the email address and/or the Armenian phone number,

I give my consent

I do not consent, please notify (indicate preferred method of notice)

15. Additional information

16. List of documents attached to the application

17. I have been warned about the responsibility provided by law for
submitting : false information (data). Applicant - First Name, Last
Name - Signature - Day, Month, Year of Application

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Submit

Ձև N 1

 

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| ԴԻՄՈՒՄ-ՀԱՐՑԱԹԵՐԹ                  | +------------------------------+  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
| Հայաստանի Հանրապետության          | |                              |  |
| քաղաքացիություն ստանալու          | | Գունավոր լուսանկար 3.5x4.5սմ |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | |                              |  |
|                                   | +------------------------------+  |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

 

Խնդրում եմ ընդունել Հայաստանի Հանրապետության քաղաքացիություն ստանալու
համար ներկայացվող դիմում-հարցաթերթը և պահանջվող փաստաթղթերը։

 

Իմ վերաբերյալ ներկայացնում եմ հետևյալ տեղեկությունները՝

 

1. Անուն _____________________________________________

2. Ազգանուն _________________________________________

3. Հայրանուն _________________________________________

4. Ծննդյան ամսաթիվ __________________ (օր, ամիս, տարի)

5. Ծննդյան վայր _________________ (երկիր) 6. Ազգություն
__________________

7. Առկա են Հայաստանի Հանրապետության քաղաքացիություն ձեռք բերելու հետևյալ
հիմքերը՝

□ ազգությամբ հայ եմ

□ Օրենքով սամանված կարգով վերջին 3 տարին մշտապես բնակվել եմ Հայաստանի
Հանրապետությունում

□ վերջին 2 տարվա ընթացքում գրանցված ամուսնության մեջ եմ Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացու հետ և այդ 2 տարվա ընթացքում առնվազն 365 օր
օրինական հիմքերով բնակվել եմ Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում

□ ունեմ Հայաստանի Հանրապետության քաղաքացի զավակ

□ 1995 թ. հունվարի 1-ից հետո իմ դիմումի համաձայն դուրս եմ եկել Հայաստանի
Հանրապետության քաղաքացիությունից

□ Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում ունեմ փախստականի կարգավիճակ

□ հանդիսանում եմ Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում բնակվող քաղաքացիություն
չունեցող

□ անձ

ծնողներս /նրանցից մեկը/ նախկինում ունեցել են Հայաստանի Հանրապետության
քաղաքացիություն, կամ ծնվել եմ Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում և 18 տարին
լրանալուց հետո` 3 տարվա ընթացքում, դիմում եմ Հայաստանի Հանրապետության
քաղաքացիություն ստանալու համար.

8. Ունեմ հետևյալ երկրի քաղաքացիություն _______________________________

(եթե ունեք մեկից ավելի պետությունների   
  _______________________________

քաղաքացիություն, ապա նշել բոլորը)

9. Առնչությունը զինվորական ծառայության հետ
__________________________________________________

/այո կամ ոչ, եթե այո, ապա նշել զինվորական կոչումը/

 

10. Իմ մերձավոր ազգականներն են (հայր, մայր, ամուսին, երեխա)

 

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Ազգակցական  | Անունը,     | Ծննդյան     | Ազգությունը | Քաղաք       |
| կապը        | ազգանունը,  | օրը,        |             | ացիությունը |
|             | հայրանունը  | ամիսը,      |             |             |
|             |             | տարին       |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
|             |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

11. Բնակության վայրի հասցեն՝

Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում ___________________________________

 

օտարերկրյա պետությունում           ___________________________________

 

12. Հեռախոսահամար

Հայաստանի Հանրապետությունում ___________________________________

 

օտարերկրյա պետությունում           ___________________________________

 

13. Էլեկտրոնային փոստի հասցե ___________________________________

 

14. Քաղաքացիություն ստանալու դիմումի ընթացքի վերաբերյալ ծանուցումներն
էլեկտրոնային փոստի հասցեով և/կամ ՀՀ բջջային հեռախոսահամարով ստանալու
համար

 

- տալիս եմ իմ համաձայնությունը ________________________________________

- համաձայն չեմ, խնդրում եմ ծանուցել ____________________________________

(նշել նախընտրելի ծանուցման տեսակը)

 

15. Լրացուցիչ տեղեկություններ
______________________________________________

16. Դիմումին կցվող փաստաթղթերի ցանկ
_____________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

 

17. Կեղծ տեղեկություններ (տվյալներ) ներկայացնելու համար օրենքով
նախատեսված պատասխանատվության մասին զգուշացված եմ:

 

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Դիմող`          | ________        | ________        | ________        |
|                 | _______________ | _______________ | _______________ |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
|                 | (անուն,         | (               | (դիմելու օրը,   |
|                 | ազգանուն)       | ստորագրություն) | ամիսը, տարին)   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

 

Ծառայողական նշումներ (այս բաժինը լրացվում է միայն պաշտոնատար անձանց
կողմից)

 

18. Դիմում-հարցաթերթը և ներկայացված փաստաթղթերը ստուգեց և ընդունեց՝

 

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| ______________________________    | ______________________________    |
|                                   |                                   |
| (պաշտոնատար անձի պաշտոնը)         | (ստորագրությունը)                 |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| ______________________________    | ______________________________    |
|                                   |                                   |
| (անունը, ազգանունը)               | (ընդունելու օրը, ամիսը տարին)     |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

[]



[]

Cookie Policy

Last Updated: May 28, 2024

This Cookie Policy explains how armenian-lawyer.com ("we", "us", or
"our") uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you
visit our website at https://armenian-lawyer.com (the "Website"). It
explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as
your rights to control our use of them.

1. What are Cookies?

Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile
device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website
owners to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well
as to provide reporting information.

Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, armenian-lawyer.com) are
called "first-party cookies." Cookies set by parties other than the
website owner are called "third-party cookies." Third-party cookies
enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or
through the website (e.g., advertising, interactive content, and
analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize
your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when
it visits certain other websites.

2. Why Do We Use Cookies?

We use first-party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Some
cookies are required for technical reasons for our Website to operate,
and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies.
Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our
users to enhance the experience on our Website. Third parties serve
cookies through our Website for advertising, analytics, and other
purposes.

3. Types of Cookies We Use

Essential Cookies:

These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services
available through our Website and to use some of its features, such as
access to secure areas.

Performance and Functionality Cookies:

These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of
our Website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these
cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.

Analytics and Customization Cookies:

These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form
to help us understand how our Website is being used or how effective our
marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Website for you.

Advertising Cookies:

These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to
you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from
continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based
on your interests.

4. How Can You Control Cookies?

You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You
can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate
opt-out links provided below.

Browser Controls:

You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse
cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Website,
though your access to some functionality and areas of our Website may be
restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your
web browser controls vary from browser to browser, you should visit your
browser's help menu for more information.

Disabling Most Interest-Based Advertising:

Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of interest-based
advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please
visit Your Online Choices.

5. How Often Will We Update This Cookie Policy?

We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect
changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or
regulatory reasons. Please revisit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay
informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.

6. Where Can You Get Further Information?

If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other
technologies, please email us at [email protected] or by mail to:

-   Address: 4/3 Pirumyanner St., Suite 12, Yerevan 0054, Armenia

Thank you for visiting armenian-lawyer.com.

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   []Registration
    -   []Business Opportunities
    -   []Taxation
    -   []Employment
    -   []Employer of Record
    -   []Outsourcing
    -   []Trademark
    -   []Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   []Residence
    -   []Residence by Investment
    -   []Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   []Citizenship
    -   []Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenian Citizenship by Investment 2024 

The Armenian Citizenship Law was amended on July 7, 2022, allowing
foreigners to obtain citizenship through a significant economic,
cultural, or athletic contribution. The law exempts applicants from
standard naturalization requirements. The Cabinet of Ministers will
determine evaluation criteria, with a draft decision suggesting various
ways to make a significant contribution, such as donations, investments,
work experience, cultural promotion, or holding scientific titles in
healthcare.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Current Status of the Citizenship by Investment Program
2.  Benefits and Advantages of Armenian Citizenship
3.  Citizenship Eligibility for Family Members
4.  Legal Procedures and Documentation
5.  Special Considerations

1. Current Status of the Citizenship by Investment Program

Legal Basis

Since Nov. 28, 1995, Armenia's Law on Citizenship (Official Gazette of
the Parliament 1995/8) has allowed the government to grant citizenship
to individuals who have provided "exceptional services" to the Republic
of Armenia. This article has been amended several times, with the
latest amendment made on July 7, 2022 (effective from July 29, 2022),
introducing an additional basis to acquire Armenian citizenship based on
"significant contributions" in the fields of economy, science,
education, culture, healthcare, and sports. Article 13 exempts
applicants from normally applicable naturalization requirements, such as
knowledge of Constitution or Armenian language, and residence in
Armenia.

Current State of the Program

Although the "citizenship by exception" option has been available since
1995, the Cabinet of Ministers has yet to confirm the criteria for
assessing "significant contributions" in fields of economy, science,
education, culture, healthcare, and sports. The deadline for enacting
the implementing decree has already passed in January 2023, and it is
currently unclear when it will be adopted by the Cabinet of Ministers.
It is likely that the delay is due to the need to refine the text of the
implementing decree, as the initial draft published on October 12, 2022,
has been criticized and used by the political opposition to accuse the
government of endangering national security. On October 19, 2022, Deputy
Police Chief Ara Fidanyan announced that there will be a limit or quota
on the number of citizenships granted under the program and that the
program will be subject to further regulation to address national
security and anti-money laundering concerns.

[]

can I apply for Armenian citizenship now?

As the Cabinet of Ministers has not yet approved the criteria for
assessing "significant contributions," it is currently not possible to
apply for citizenship based on such a contribution.
However, it is still possible to apply for citizenship based on the
"exceptional services" provision of the 1995 Citizenship Law.
Citizenship by exception is granted in an expedited manner (usually
within 2-3 months), as the Prime Minister's office can directly present
candidates to the President. Each case is considered on its individual
merits, taking into account factors such as the size of investment
and/or charitable contributions, job creation, tax payments, the
applicant's nationality, ties to the country, and more.

[]

Specifics of the Law and the Draft Implementing Decree

Below is the text of article 13 (paragraphs 4 and 9) of the Citizenship
Law as amended by the Armenian Parliament on July 7, 2022:
"Citizenship of the Republic of Armenia can be granted to those who have
provided exceptional services to the Republic of Armenia, as well as to
persons with a significant contribution in the areas of economy,
science, education, culture, healthcare, athletics, without the need to
comply with sub-paragraphs 1, 2, and 3 of the first paragraph or the
second paragraph of this article. The description and criteria for
assessing significant contribution in the areas of economy, science,
education, culture, healthcare, athletics shall be defined by a decision
of the Government of the Republic of Armenia."
"Persons who have received citizenship of the Republic of Armenia under
paragraph 4 of this article must appear before the authorized body of
the Government of the Republic of Armenia to participate in the oath
ceremony and receive a passport of a citizen of the Republic of
Armenia."

It is likely that this means successful applicants will have to travel
to Armenia and obtain their passport from the Immigration Office
(Ministry of Internal Affairs).

The last article of the July 7, 2022 amendment stipulates the following:
"This law shall take effect on the tenth day following its official
publication, and the sub-legislative act referred to in article 1 of
this law shall be enacted within six months after the entry into force
of this law."

                                                                The
requirements to acquire Armenian citizenship by Investment
The Cabinet of Ministers has not yet adopted the criteria for assessing
"significant contribution" in the fields of economy, science, education,
culture, healthcare, and sports. However, a draft decision published on
October 12, 2022, provides an idea of what the government may consider
as significant contributions. The following criteria were suggested in
the draft:

-   Donation of $150,000 to a scientific or educational foundation
-   Investment of $100,000 in an IT company or venture fund
-   Investment of $150,000 in a company and holding the investment for
    10 years
-   Purchase of $150,000 worth of government bonds and holding the
    investment for 7 years
-   Purchase of $150,000 worth of real estate and holding the investment
    for 10 years
-   20+ years of work experience in a publicly traded IT company
-   10+ years of work experience in science and authoring 5+ scientific
    articles
-   Engagement in dissemination and preservation of Armenian culture,
    heritage, and identity
-   Scientific title of docent or professor in the area of healthcare.

It is important to note that these criteria are still in draft form and
subject to change. The final criteria will be defined by a decision of
the Cabinet of Ministers.

                                                                       
             The draft implementing decree
Below is the text of the draft decision published on October 12, 2022.

Draft decision of the Government of the Republic of Armenia on
determining the description and evaluation criteria of a significant
contribution in areas of economy, science, education, culture,
healthcare, sports.
Annex 1. Description and evaluation criteria of a significant
contribution in the area of economy
The following are the description and evaluation criteria of a
significant contribution in the area of economy:

-   Gratuitously providing funds of at least USD 150,000 to contribute
    to the endowment of a foundation established to operate in areas of
    education or science.
-   Investing in the capital (acquisition of shares) of a company in the
    amount of at least USD 150,000 for a period of at least 10 years.
-   Purchasing government bonds in the amount of at least USD 150,000
    for a period of at least 7 years.
-   Purchasing real estate in the amount of at least USD 150,000 for a
    period of at least 10 years at the cadastral value approximated to
    the market value of the real property.
-   Investing in any government-approved investment fund in the amount
    of at least USD 150,000 for a period of at least 10 years.
-   Establishing a company operating in the area of high and/or
    information technologies with a capital of at least USD 1 million,
    provided that the founder's center of vital interests is located in
    Armenia.
-   Establishing a branch office of a foreign information technologies
    company in Armenia with a capital of at least USD 100 million and at
    least 500 employees in Armenia.
-   Establishing a venture fund in Armenia with a capital of at least
    USD 80 million.
-   Financial investment of at least USD 100,000 in a company operating
    in the area of information technologies or a venture fund.
-   Having 20 or more years of work experience in high and/or
    information technology companies listed on the New York, Frankfurt,
    or London stock exchanges.
-   Long-term (not less than 5 years) active work in the international
    structures of the postal sector, as well as making financial,
    material, and technical investments in the field of at least USD
    250,000.

Annex 2. Description and evaluation criteria of a significant
contribution in the areas of science, education, culture, sports

The following are the description and evaluation criteria of a
significant contribution in the areas of science, education, culture,
sports:

-   Having at least 10 years of scientific or scientific-technical work
    experience, a scientific degree, an invention patent, or national
    awards or honorary degrees in the field of science. Additionally,
    being the author or co-author of at least five scientific articles
    published in authoritative international scientific information
    databases during the last ten years.
-   Making a significant contribution to the dissemination and
    development of Armenian culture, having long-term active cooperation
    with Armenian figures or organizations of culture and art,
    significant participation in the preservation of Armenian culture,
    public and charitable activities, international recognition and
    reputation of the applicant that can be used to strengthen the
    international position and popularize Armenian culture.
-   Taking an active part in the development of Armenology,
    philanthropy, and long-term activities aimed at preserving
    Armenianness, winning prizes in world prestigious competitions or
    festivals, carrying out innovative-experimental projects with
    substantial results, contributing to the preservation of
    Armenianness, or acting for the benefit of Armenia.

Annex 3. Description and evaluation criteria of a significant
contribution in the area of healthcare

The following are the description and evaluation criteria of a
significant contribution in the area of healthcare:

-   Having a scientific title of docent or professor in the field of
    healthcare, or being awarded a national award or medal for active
    charitable activities, as well as other outstanding services in the
    area of healthcare.
-   Providing medical assistance and services in the medical
    organizations of Armenia or Artsakh during times of war.

2. Benefits and Advantages of Armenian Citizenship

Armenian citizenship offers a wide range of advantages that can
significantly enhance your freedom of movement, economic opportunities,
and overall quality of life. With an Armenian passport, you gain access
to visa-free travel to numerous countries, the ability to hold dual
citizenship, and a quick and cost-effective naturalization process.
Additionally, Armenian citizens enjoy the privilege of owning land,
preferential treatment in EAEU countries, and various government support
programs. Citizenship can also be transferred to future generations,
ensuring a lasting connection to Armenia and providing your family with
increased freedom and security.

Freedom of Movement and Travel

-   Valuable Travel Document. As of 2024, the Armenian passport ranks
    74th according to Henley & Partners Passport Index, and allows
    visa-free travel to 69 countries, including places with limited
    access to nationals of Western countries, such as Russia, China,
    Iran, UAE, Uzbekistan, and others. The EU/Schengen countries still
    have a visa regime with Armenia, but visa-free travel may become
    possible in a few years. The United States offers 10-year B visas to
    Armenian citizens as well as E-2 business visas.
-   Dual Citizenship Permitted. Armenia has expressly allowed dual
    citizenship for its citizens, meaning that it is possible to hold
    more than one passport at the same time.
-   Quick, Simple, and Inexpensive Naturalization Process. The process
    of acquiring an Armenian passport typically takes about four months.
    Once your application is approved, you can receive your Armenian
    passport and national ID in a matter of days. Minimal documents are
    required, and police certificates, proof of address, and tax returns
    are not necessary. Government fees are also low, even when using
    optional fast-track services.
-   Easy Renunciation. If you ever decide to give up your Armenian
    citizenship, it is easy to do so as long as you have no outstanding
    debts or obligations to the government.

Economic Benefits

-   Land Ownership. As an Armenian citizen, you have the privilege of
    owning agricultural, forest, and other types of land in Armenia,
    which is generally not available to foreigners.
-   Preferential Treatment in EAEU Countries. Because of the free
    movement of labor in EAEU countries (Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan,
    Kyrgyzstan, Armenia), citizens of Armenia are exempt from work
    permit requirements and can take advantage of preferential treatment
    in areas of labor law, social protection, medical treatment,
    taxation, immigration, and more.
-   Government Support. Armenia offers a range of social programs for
    its citizens, including government-financed education and medical
    treatment, welfare benefits for the elderly, disabled, and other
    classes of socially vulnerable people.
-   Tax Benefits. By moving your residence to Armenia or obtaining a tax
    residency certificate, you can access significant tax benefits.
    These include no capital gains tax on securities, real estate, or
    other assets; tax exemptions on certain types of income such as
    insurance and pension payments; no inheritance or gift taxes; and
    reduced tax liabilities on global income due to double taxation
    agreements with around 50 countries.

Social Advantages

-   Citizenship Transfers to Future Generations. After acquiring
    Armenian citizenship, your minor children can automatically receive
    Armenian passports, and your spouse may become eligible to apply for
    citizenship. According to Armenian law, a child born to an Armenian
    father or mother can easily acquire Armenian citizenship, regardless
    of their place of birth or residence. In other words, your children
    and grandchildren will be eligible to obtain Armenian passports even
    if they do not live in Armenia.
-   Increased Freedom and Opportunities. Holding a second passport can
    provide you with more freedom and opportunities, and can serve as a
    valuable "insurance policy." Armenia is known for its safety and low
    crime rates. If the economic or political situation in your home
    country deteriorates, having an Armenian passport can allow you and
    your family to temporarily or permanently move to Armenia.
    Additionally, a second passport can help you avoid problems arising
    from your country's foreign policies and domestic regulations, such
    as banking difficulties or increased tax burdens. It can also be
    useful for privacy or in situations where your first passport is
    expired, lost, or confiscated. Lastly, a second passport is
    necessary if you ever decide to renounce your current citizenship.

3. Citizenship Eligibility for Family Members

[]

CITIZENSHIP FOR MINORS

If you are an Armenian citizen, you can request immediate citizenship
for your minor children. However, if you do not live in Armenia, the
consent of the child's other parent may be required, and if the child is
14 years old or older, his/her consent is also necessary. Passports for
children can be issued without your presence if you provide a power of
attorney to your lawyer or other representative in Armenia. Starting in
2018, it became possible for an ethnic Armenian child to obtain Armenian
citizenship even if neither parent is an Armenian citizen.

[]

CITIZENSHIP FOR SPOUSES, ADULT CHILDREN, AND PARENTS

Spouses of Armenian citizens may apply for citizenship if they meet two
criteria: the marriage must have been registered for at least two years,
and they must have resided in Armenia for at least 365 days during that
period. In practice, the application will be accepted if the spouse has
maintained an Armenian residence permit throughout this time, regardless
of the actual days spent in Armenia.
If you have an adult child who is an Armenian national, you are eligible
to apply for citizenship regardless of your marital status. This is a
separate legal basis for citizenship application. Note that in certain
cases, the Passport Office may require a marriage certificate to
establish paternity. Additionally, if one of your parents holds Armenian
citizenship, you are eligible to apply for citizenship based on their
status, which serves as another legal ground for your application.
Before submitting your application, you must pass a multiple-choice test
on the knowledge of the Armenian Constitution. The test consists of 33
questions, and you need to answer at least 17 correctly to pass. If you
do not speak Armenian, you may be accompanied by a licensed translator
to assist with translating the questions.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

4. Legal Procedures and Documentation

[]

STEP-BY-STEP PROCESS, TIMELINE, AND REQUIRED DOCUMENTS

The steps, timeline, and required documents will depend on the nature
and legal basis of your application. In general, you will need to follow
these steps:
Step 1 - Prepare Documents. This step involves obtaining the necessary
documents, such as a birth certificate, marriage certificate, proof of
Armenian ethnicity or other relevant documents. These documents may
require additional certification such as consular legalization or
Apostille. It is also necessary to provide biographical information to
complete the required application forms.
Step 2 - Book an Appointment. Currently, the Immigration Office mandates
that all appointments be scheduled in advance using an online booking
system (https://migration.e-gov.am/en/). The waiting periods for these
appointments may range from a few weeks to a few months.
Step 3 - Visit Armenia. For applicants who choose to file their
citizenship applications at an Armenian embassy or consular office
abroad, the process may take longer as the required documents will have
to be sent to Armenia and returned. If you choose to file your
application in person at the Passport Office in Armenia, the duration of
your stay will depend on your individual circumstances. Typically, a 2-3
day stay in Armenia should be sufficient for the translation of
documents and the filing of the application. It is advisable to check
the visa requirements for your country and whether an invitation letter
is needed before filing your application.
Step 4 - Submit the Citizenship Application. It is required to submit
the application in person at the Passport Office. It is recommended to
have a lawyer accompany you to ensure a smooth process. Supporting
documents must also be submitted at this stage, and it is important to
note that if you are applying based on residency or marriage to an
Armenian citizen, you will be required to take a test on knowledge of
the Armenian Constitution.
Step 5 - Track the Application Status. Once an application for
citizenship is submitted, it will usually take up to 90 business days
for processing. The application will be evaluated by both the Police and
the National Security Service. If these agencies issue a negative
opinion, the case will be referred to the Citizenship Committee for
further review, which could extend the process to 6 months. If there are
any questions or concerns about the documents submitted, the security
officers may contact the applicant or their lawyer to request additional
information or documents. Once a decision is made, the Passport Office
will notify the applicant or lawyer, and it is also possible to check
the status of the application online at https://passportvisa.police.am/.
Step 6. Visit the Passport Office. Once your citizenship is granted, you
will need to visit Armenia again to apply for and receive your passport
and national ID card. This process usually takes 3-8 business days,
depending on whether you need to register with the military office and
whether you are willing to pay additional fees for expedited services.
However, since June 25, 2022, the law now allows first-time applicants
to obtain their passports at Armenian embassies/consulates abroad. If
you have an obligation to register with the Military Office, it may be
more convenient to apply for your passport at an Armenian embassy or
consulate.
Step 7. Register with Military Office. If you are a male under the age
of 55, it is likely that you will have to register with the military
office in Armenia. If you have served in the military of another
country, it is recommended that you bring a legalized document (consular
legalization or Apostille) confirming this. The military registration
process in Armenia usually takes 3-5 days. It may be a good idea to
apply for your passport and undergo the military registration process at
an Armenian embassy or consulate, even though this will make the process
longer.
Step 8. Apply for a Passport and an ID card. Currently, when applying
for an Armenian passport, you have the option to choose between a
regular passport or a biometric one. The process of obtaining a regular
passport may take up to three weeks, unless you opt for a fast-track
service which will allow you to receive your passport or ID card on the
next business day, or in three to five business days. During this stage,
you will also have to register your address, and if you want to register
a local Armenian address, you may need to provide proof of residence
(such as a lease agreement or owner's consent). It is important to note
that the issuance of biometric passports is currently suspended and only
regular passports are issued.
Step 9. Take the Oath and Collect the Passport. The applicant will be
given a specific date and time (usually at 4 PM) to appear at the
Passport Office to collect their passport and ID card. Before receiving
the documents, the applicant will be required to sign an oath of
allegiance to Armenia.

[]

FEES AND EXPENSES

In addition to the government fees outlined below, it is important to
keep in mind that there may be additional expenses associated with the
citizenship application process. These can include legal fees,
translation and notarization fees, and other costs specific to your
case. We recommend contacting us for an estimate of your overall budget.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Service               |                       | Government Fee        |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Citizenship           |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
| Application           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Regular Passport      |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Biometric Passport    |                       | 25,000 ($56)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ID Card               |                       | 3,000 ($7.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Address Registration  |                       | 1,000 ($2.5)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Fast Passport or ID   | Next Business Day     | 20,000 ($50)          |
| Card Issuance         |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                       | Three Business Days   | 10,000 ($25)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
|                       | Five Business Days    | 5,000 ($12.5)         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

5. Special Considerations

[]

MILITARY REGISTRATION AND SERVICE

Military service is mandatory in Armenia for male citizens between the
ages of 18 and 27, with a service period of two years. Conscripts are
drafted twice a year, in January and July. If you do not wish to serve
in the military, it is advisable to wait until after you turn 27 to
apply for Armenian citizenship.

Recently, an amendment to the Armenian Law on Military Service has been
enacted, expanding the scope of compulsory military service to encompass
male individuals aged 27-37 who acquired Armenian citizenship after
reaching the age of 27. Under the amended Law, these individuals are now
subject to a 12-month mandatory military service obligation if they have
not completed any prior military service in any country or if their
prior military service in another country was less than 12 months.
However, individuals may choose to contribute AMD 2,500,000
(approximately USD 6,200) to the state budget in lieu of fulfilling the
service requirement.
Additionally, it is important to understand that acquiring Armenian
citizenship does not automatically confer citizenship on minor children.
If the other parent of a minor child is not also an Armenian citizen,
the child will not become an Armenian citizen upon the parent's
acquisition of citizenship. Similarly, a child born after the parent's
acquisition of Armenian citizenship will not automatically become an
Armenian citizen unless the other parent is also an Armenian citizen.
Individuals between the ages of 27 and 55 who become Armenian citizens
are registered in the military reserve and may be summoned for service
if mobilization is declared, such as during times of war. However, it is
highly unlikely that naturalized citizens who have never served in the
Armenian military will be called to duty. Military registration, if
required, can take an additional 4-5 business days and may include a
medical examination consisting of blood and urine tests, ultrasound,
electrocardiography, and a physical examination.
Male citizens under the age of 55 may be required to participate in
military training sessions, which usually last up to three weeks. In
late 2023, there were instances where citizens newly registered with the
Military Office were asked to report for military training. Therefore,
we strongly recommend that you check the current practices before
traveling to Armenia to complete the military registration and collect
your passport. If you are a male applicant under the age of 55, it may
be wise to complete the military registration at the Armenian
embassy/consulate abroad. Please be aware that the Military Office is
capable, at least in theory, of delivering notifications to Armenian
citizens who are residing abroad through the use of Armenian embassies
and consulates.
Military service evasion is a criminal offense and may result in
imprisonment for up to three years. A criminal case can be initiated
against individuals who were registered with the military office and
were served a notice but failed to report to start their service. In
certain circumstances, exemptions from military service are available,
such as for individuals with serious health issues or for humanitarian
reasons. Dual citizens may also be exempted from military service if
they have served in the military of another country for at least 12
months (18 months for alternative service).
If you require further information regarding military service
obligations, please do not hesitate to contact us. Additionally, if you
are worried about fulfilling military service requirements, you may wish
to consider applying for a special passport (special residency status).

[]

TAX IMPLICATIONS OF ACQUIRING ARMENIAN CITIZENSHIP

Acquiring Armenian nationality should not have any negative tax
consequences, as Armenia's tax system is not based on citizenship.
However, if you are a foreign employee or private entrepreneur working
in Armenia, obtaining Armenian citizenship may trigger obligations to
make social and military contributions.
It is important to note that acquiring Armenian citizenship does not
automatically make you a "tax resident." Tax residency is regulated by
tax laws, not immigration laws. Becoming a tax resident of Armenia
usually requires spending more than 183 days in the country within a
year. This means that it is possible to be an Armenian citizen without
becoming a tax resident, and vice versa.
Armenia generally does not impose taxes on capital gains from the sale
of securities, real estate, or other assets, regardless of where these
gains are generated. Certain types of income, such as insurance and
pension payments, are also exempt from taxes. Additionally, there are no
taxes on gifts, inheritance, or net worth. 

Tax residents are generally required to pay taxes on global income at
flat rates—20% on business income, 10% on interest, and 5% on dividends.
However, Armenia has double taxation agreements with approximately 50
countries, which can significantly reduce tax liabilities for foreign
income.
For individuals who do not meet the 183-day residency threshold but
still wish to establish tax residency in Armenia—possibly due to
substantial personal or business connections that centralize their
economic interests in the country—they may apply for a tax residency
certificate.

[]

REJECTION AND APPEAL PROCESS

Applicants are typically notified of the rejection by text message,
which does not provide the specific reasons for the rejection. The
government has the authority to reject a citizenship application without
providing any reasons, according to the law. The National Security
Service is responsible for making decisions on applications, and they
may reject an application if they believe it could endanger national
security, public order or health, or the rights and liberties of others,
as stated in Article 13 of the Citizenship Law. However, this agency is
highly secretive and does not report to the Passport Office, so it is
not possible to know the specific reasons behind a rejection without
going to court.
If your application is rejected, you have two months to appeal the
decision in court, but you will need to obtain a copy of the rejection
decision from the Passport Office before filing the appeal.
If your application for citizenship is rejected, you may reapply after
one year.

[]

SPECIAL PASSPORTS AND OTHER RESIDENCE PERMITS

Before Armenia legalized dual citizenship in 2005, many ethnic Armenians
obtained special passports to avoid renouncing their existing
citizenship. Even today, some foreigners prefer to apply for special
residency instead of becoming full citizens, often due to concerns about
military service.
The special residence permit is valid for 10 years and can be extended
indefinitely, and allows the holder to live, work, study, and engage in
any other lawful activity in Armenia without additional paperwork. One
notable advantage of the special passport is that its holder can own
agricultural and other land directly in his/her own name, without the
need to establish a legal entity. The special residence permit looks
different from temporary/permanent residence permits as it is issued in
the form a passport, not a card. Special passports are typically issued
to ethnic Armenians, but in some exceptional cases, non-Armenians
engaged in economic or cultural activities in Armenia may also be
eligible. Children under 16 can also get special passports. The time
required to obtain a special passport is around 60-90 days. Unlike
applying for citizenship, you can apply for a special passport through a
representative by granting them a power of attorney.
Individuals of Armenian descent/origin can also qualify for temporary
and permanent residence permits. Some ethnic Armenians may prefer a
residence permit over citizenship, particularly if it is difficult to
produce a legalized birth certificate. Additionally, obtaining a
residence permit rather than citizenship can help individuals avoid
registering with the military office or avoid having to renounce their
current citizenship, particularly if their country of origin does not
allow dual citizenship.

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

Armenia Passport Form 2024.05.27

-   
-   
-   
-   

0% Complete

1 of 4

My application for Armenian citizenship will be based on: *

Armenian origin (ethnicity)

Marriage to an Armenian citizen

Having a child who is an Armenian citizen

Having a parent who is an Armenian citizen

Residency in Armenia

Investment

OtherOther

I plan to visit Armenia in person to file the application for
citizenship *

Yes, I will file my documents in Yerevan, Armenia

No, I will file my documents at an Armenian embassy

Estimated date of my arrival to Armenia

My current citizenship is: * AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Next

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Outsourcing to Armenia 

Numerous prominent American and European enterprises, including
influential technology giants like Intel, Microsoft, Google, IBM, and
Cisco, have strategically established their operations within Armenia
because of its highly skilled workforce, communications infrastructure,
business friendly environment, and favorable cost-efficiency.
Armenia boasts robust outsourcing capabilities, particularly in software
development and services, programming services, consultancy and
integration, computer graphics, animation and multimedia production,
mobile application development, web programming and design, microcircuit
design, engineering, as well as research and experimental services.
Notably, the nation's technology sector has exhibited a remarkable
annual growth rate ranging between 20-25%. This burgeoning trajectory
underscores Armenia's appeal as a burgeoning technology.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Outsourcing to Armenia

1

Considerations for Oursourcing

Examine the structural options for outsourcing to Armenia and learn
about benefits of outsourcing.

[]

learn more

2

HR Matters

Investigate the procedural aspects of hiring and firing in Armenia as
well as immigration matters for foreign foreigners.

[]

learn more

3

Data Protection

Explore the framework for data protection on our dedicated section.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2020.05.23 Outsourcing

What is your name?

What is your email address? *

What is your citizenship? AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

What services you may be interested in?

New business entity (company, branch office, etc.)

Bank account

Virtual office

Legal & secretarial

HR matters, payroll, labor compliance

Tax planning, optimization and compliance

Accounting and audit

Contractual work

Operations management

Real property

Work permits, immigration matters

OtherOther

What are your expectations from our firm?

Your questions and comments:

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Submit

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Considerations for Outsourcing

When considering outsourcing your business to Armenia, several
structural options are available for your consideration:
1. Contract for Services with a Third Party (Direct Outsourcing)
This approach involves the client company engaging directly with an
Armenian service provider—an independent contractor equipped with its
own infrastructure and workforce—to execute the required services. To
ensure the success of this arrangement, comprehensive due diligence is
recommended on the Armenian service provider. This scrutiny should
include an assessment of its financial stability, employee mobility,
intellectual property safeguards, infrastructure adequacy, and
performance track record on similar projects.
2. Indirect Outsourcing
Indirect outsourcing entails the client company enter into an
outsourcing arrangement with an Armenian or alternative enterprise. This
primary entity then subcontracts the tasks to an Armenian service
provider. Often, this subcontractor maintains some affiliation with the
intermediary. In such cases, it's recommended for the client company to
incorporate additional safeguards within the vendor contract, aimed at
protecting against potential issues arising from the subcontractor's
involvement.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Fast implementation

-   []

    Flexibility in expanding and downsizing

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    More expensive option

-   []

    Less control over employee performance

-   []

    Less control over IP matters

-   []

    Less control over data protection

-   []

    Provider stability and business risks

3. Establishing a Subsidiary or a Branch Office
In this strategic framework, the client company initiates the
establishment or acquisition of a subsidiary or a branch office within
Armenia. This entity is either fully owned by or under the control of
the client company. While a subsidiary constitutes a distinct legal
entity, a branch office functions as an extension of the client company.
This arrangement gives the client company with heightened authority over
the employees tasked with service provision, alongside the
implementation of protocols for managing intellectual property and
confidential information. Integrating the subsidiary into the client
company's global systems, processes, and culture becomes feasible.
Notably, the greater degree of control may be a valuation element in an
acquisition of the client company. However, this structure may demand
additional time and resources to oversee the subsidiary's operations. In
this setup, due diligence primarily centers on the subsidiary's
management team. Typically, a local manager oversees day-to-day
operations, requiring a selection process. The chosen individual holds
considerable significance, as the managing director's actions can bind
the subsidiary with third parties through the legal theory of apparent
authority, irrespective of restrictions imposed by the subsidiary's
board of directors and/or employment agreement terms.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Control over subsidiary operations

-   []

    Own procedures for IP and sensitive data

-   []

    Fast registration and setup

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    Startup and recurring costs

-   []

    Less flexibility expanding or downsizing

-   []

    Resources spent on oversight

-   []

    Importance of local managing director

4. Dedicated Center or "Build, Operate and Transfer"
This structure presents a fusion of the previously described approaches.
The Armenian service provider, functioning as an independent contractor,
initiates the establishment of a dedicated center (team) tailored to
cater to the client company's service requirements. This specialized
team could operate within a distinct section of the service provider's
premises or in a separate facility altogether. While certain managerial,
accounting, and administrative personnel might not be exclusively
assigned to the dedicated team to streamline overhead costs, the core
team remains isolated.
In this setup, the client company wields greater authority over the
vendor's employee selection, their training, and the nature of their
tasks. In return, the client company assumes increased risks and
potential cost increases associated with these employees.
Within the "Build, Operate and Transfer" (BOT) model, the agreement
often incorporates an option empowering the client company to
potentially acquire the business unit represented by the dedicated team.
Alternatively, the client company may be granted the right to solicit
and hire certain employees from the dedicated center.

[]

[]

Pros

-   []

    Flexibility in expanding and downsizing

-   []

    Fast implementation

[]

[]

Cons

-   []

    More expensive option

-   []

    Less control

-   []

    Provider stability and business risks

-   []

    Transition risks (BOT)

[]

BENEFITS OF OUTSOURCING TO ARMENIA

1. Skilled Local Workforce
Armenia has been a software development, electronics, and semiconductor
hub, dating back to the Soviet era. Armenian developers are known by the
quality of their solutions and their ability to deliver on time and on
budget. The majority of IT specialists in Armenia hold technical degrees
in fields including science, technology, mathematics, and engineering,
alongside proficiency in English. It is expected that Armenia will have
30,000 software developers by 2025.
2. Friendly Immigration Rules and Foreign Talent
Marked by a low cost of living, minimal crime rates, and a rich cultural
heritage, Armenia attracts professionals from diverse nations, including
Iran, India, and Russia. Liberal immigration rules make it easy to
obtain work permits and acquire residence status.
3. Low Cost of Doing Business
Armenian enterprises capitalize on economical workforce, affordable
rental rates, utilities, registration expenses, and other startup costs.
Minimum capital prerequisites are absent, with a company's paid-up
capital potentially as modest as $1. Government fees are non-existent
for company registration and renewal processes. Enterprises can maintain
good standing without recurring report filing charges. Dormant companies
are exempt from taxes and tax return submissions. No obligatory office
space rental or local employee hiring mandates exist. Regulatory demands
are streamlined for optimal efficiency.
4. Tax Holidays
Freshly established IT companies can generally capitalize on available
tax holidays. Moreover, micro-businesses, entities situated in free
economic zones, industrial zones, specific border towns, and villages
can achieve zero-tax status. Small businesses with annual sales below
$298,000 are subject to a nominal sales (turnover) tax of merely

5%. Dividends typically attract a 5% tax, although this rate could be
lower due to Armenia's extensive network of double-tax treaties. The
country generally refrains from taxing capital gains stemming from
securities, real estate, or other asset sales.
5. Business-Friendly Environment
Company registration can be executed within a single day if physically
present in Armenia and opting for standardized registration documents.
Only minimum documents are required, such as the passports of the
shareholders and directors. You will get a registration certificate with
a taxpayer ID number, ready to start operating immediately. Foreign
ownership of Armenian companies is permissible up to 100%, without a
local partner or agent requirements. No restrictions apply to
shareholders' citizenship or residency. Foreign individuals can comprise
the entirety of an Armenian company's directors and employees, without
residency or local address requirement. A foreigner can be the only
director and the 100% owner of a company.
6. Government Assistance
In addition to various tax holidays and incentives, Armenia's government
extends support to important investment projects through real property
privatization, public-private partnership funding, loans, guarantees,
subsidies, export insurance, and more.
7. Effective IP and Data Protection Laws
Armenia aligns with international best practices by implementing and
enforcing intellectual property (including copyright, trade secrets,
know-how, confidential information, trademarks) and data protection
laws.
8. Residency & Citizenship
Armenia offers temporary, permanent, and specialized residency statuses
to foreign business individuals, along with citizenship-by-exception
opportunities for significant investors.

[]

OUTSOURCING CONTRACTS

1. Contract for Services with a Third Party
A master agreement can be established between the client company and the
Armenian service provider when a multi-project relationship is
contemplated. Each project is performed through an exhibit attached to
the master agreement. The contents of the agreement will depend on the
specific nature of the services provided. Key components include a
detailed description of the services to be performed, including detailed
specifications of the deliverables, projected delivery schedule, work
milestones, schedules for project reviews and reports, as well as
pricing.
Acceptance: A defined acceptance period following work product delivery
is recommended to assess quality. This facilitates potential
modifications by the service provider if the work product fails to
conform to the specifications.
Warranties: The client company typically seeks performance warranties
ensuring defect-free work products post-acceptance. Additionally, the
service provider's warranty should include non-infringement of
third-party intellectual property rights. The service provider, however,
may seek to limit liability under these warranties and limit performance
warranties within a specific timeframe.
Service Level Agreement: There will be service level performance
requirements tailored to the type of service where no work product will
be delivered, such as tax return preparation or financial services.
Payment Terms: Pricing structures can be fixed, time and
materials-based, or founded on production units (e.g., per tax return).
Payment schedules often align with performance milestones, especially in
software or developmental contexts.
Ownership of Work Product: All work product ownership rights must be
assigned to the client company or a designated entity. This includes
intellectual property generated or developed by the service provider.
The provider may aim to retain ownership of pre-existing "base software"
or core intellectual property (IP), necessitating the client company to
secure a perpetual, fully-paid, worldwide license for the requisite IP
to facilitate its business operations.
Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality: A prerequisite for
each employee and contractor of the service provider is the assignment
of intellectual property rights and adherence to confidentiality
commitments consistent with the agreement between the client and service
provider. Third parties should refrain from subcontracting or involving
non-employee service providers without written client consent. The
assignment of intellectual property rights should address "moral rights"
ownership as dictated by Armenian law.
Liability for Third-Party Intellectual Property Infringement: The
service provider assumes the responsibility of indemnifying the client
in the event of third-party intellectual property right breaches. The
client company might strive for an unlimited indemnity for copyright and
trade secret claims, while the service provider may seek capped
liability.
Confidentiality: The service provider must maintain the confidentiality
of the client's proprietary information and limit its use exclusively to
service provision. The period for confidentiality obligations following
engagement's conclusion could be debated, but a minimum term of three
years is recommended.
Non-Competition/Non-Solicitation: The service provider should agree that
it will not seek to take away or interfere with any customers of the
client company, or solicit or hire the employees or contractors of the
client company during the agreement, and for at least one year
post-termination.
No Assignment by Service Provider: The service provider should be
prohibited from assigning obligations under the agreement without prior
written client consent.
Taxes: The agreement should affirm the service provider's responsibility
for applicable taxes on payments received. Local withholding taxes are
typically absent in services transactions devoid of licensing.
Governing Law/Jurisdiction: The client company will want the parties to
agree to settle any dispute in its own jurisdiction based on the
governing law of that jurisdiction, with conflicts of law principles
excluded.
Compliance with Law: Both parties should commit to compliance with
applicable laws and regulations.
2. Contract for Services with a Subsidiary
The parent-subsidiary relationship, crucial for tax purposes,
necessitates "arms-length" agreement provisions—similar to those between
unaffiliated entities. However, several distinct clauses pertain to
subsidiary agreements:
Payment: Due to potential transfer pricing scrutiny (Armenian transfer
pricing rules apply if annual turnover between affiliates exceeds
approximately $400,000), the agreement usually incorporates a cost-plus
clause. This mandates the client company to pay service fees equivalent
to the subsidiary's costs plus profit, often around 10%. Detailed
expense reports are typically expected on a regular basis.
Work Direction and Quality: The subsidiary agrees to follow the client
company's directives. Unlike the project-focused nature of third-party
arrangements, agreements with subsidiaries are typically more
generalized service agreements.
Confidentiality: As a separate entity, the subsidiary must maintain
client-provided information's confidentiality, including intellectual
property and business data. The subsidiary's employees should also
adhere to this obligation.
Intellectual Property Ownership: The subsidiary's ownership of developed
intellectual property doesn't automatically transfer to the parent
company due to their corporate linkage. The subsidiary usually assigns
ownership of generated intellectual property to the parent company or
its designee. Exceptions may apply for tax considerations.

[]

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT

In Armenia, the prerequisites for securing ownership of the outcomes
derived from outsourcing services differ for independent contractors and
employees. Particularly, a subsidiary is categorized as an autonomous
provider of contractor services, distinct from an "employee." It is
crucial to meet these requirements, as failure to do so may result in
the client enterprise being unable to claim ownership over the delivered
outcomes, even in the event of remuneration.

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Header  |         | E       | Con     |         |         |         |
|         |         | mployee | tractor |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         |         |         | Ag      | Geogr   | Obl     | D       |
|         |         |         | reement | aphical | igation | uration |
|         |         |         | after   | Scope   | to      | of      |
|         |         |         | Com     |         | E       | Ass     |
|         |         |         | pletion |         | xercise | ignment |
|         |         |         | of Work |         | the     |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | Rights  |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | A       |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Co      |         | Yes     | Not     | Wo      | Not     | Pe      |
| pyright |         |         | R       | rldwide | r       | rpetual |
|         |         |         | equired |         | equired |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Patent  |         | No      | Not     | Wo      | Not     | Pe      |
|         |         | unless  | R       | rldwide | r       | rpetual |
|         |         | a       | equired |         | equired |         |
|         |         | ssigned |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | in      |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | writing |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

Armenia maintains membership in a range of international intellectual
property agreements, including the Berne Convention, TRIPS (WTO), WIPO
Copyright Treaty, the Paris Convention, and the Patent Cooperation
Treaty ("PCT"). The Berne Convention provides for national treatment of
an author of a member state. Armenian copyright law provides moral
rights to an author of a work that are non-waivable and cannot be
transferred.

[]

TAXATION

Taxation of the Armenian Service Provider
Value Added Tax (VAT): When an Armenian IT service provider serves a
foreign clientele, these services are classified as being provided
beyond Armenia's borders, resulting in a VAT zero-rated export status.
Thus, the Armenian company apply for a refund of input VAT, provided
timely submission of the VAT refund application and appropriate
documentation.
Corporate Income Tax: Standard taxation for the Armenian service
provider involves an 18% tax on its annual profits.
Tax Exemptions and Advantages: Smaller companies can take advantage of
tax benefits, including tax exemption if annual sales remain below
approximately $62,000 or a flat tax rate of 5% on gross sales if the
annual sales are under $298,000.
Additional tax exemptions and incentives are accessible for companies
operating within free economic zones (FEZ), entities importing capital
assets for government-approved investment projects, enterprises engaged
in space-related activities, and more.
No local taxes are applicable to Armenian service providers, with the
exception of real property taxes if the provider is a property owner.
For more information please check the page on property.
Taxation of the Customer
No stamp duties or analogous taxes are imposed on the outsourcing
contract itself.
Withholding Taxes and Double Tax Treaties: Payments directed towards the
service provider may attract withholding taxes, depending on the
policies within the customer's jurisdiction. These withholding taxes
might be minimized or nullified in cases where a bilateral double tax
treaty is in place between the two nations. Strategic tax planning might
be necessary when configuring the corporate group and selecting the
jurisdiction for the holding company, aiming to reduce source income
taxes and avoid double taxation.
Transfer Pricing: Transactions between a parent and subsidiary should
ideally adhere to "arms-length" principles for tax purposes. Regulatory
bodies often scrutinize transfer pricing within corporate entities. In
Armenia, transfer pricing regulations come into play if annual turnover
amid affiliated entities exceeds approximately $400,000.
Permanent Establishment: Within a cross-border contract, the Armenian
service provider may form a permanent establishment, signifying a
taxable presence, on behalf of the customer in Armenia. This occurs, for
instance, when an Armenian subsidiary exercises authority to finalize
contracts, secure orders, or deliver goods on behalf of the parent
entity.

[]

HR Matters

Employees v. Independent Contractors: In Armenia, there is a distinct
advantage for clients to engage individuals as independent contractors
rather than formal employees. This is primarily due to favorable
considerations in taxation, with a nominal 5% tax on services paid by
contractors, as opposed to the more substantial 25.5% income tax and
accompanying social payments typically withheld from an employee's
salary. Moreover, independent contractor agreements offer greater
contractual customization, without numerous restrictions imposed by the
Labor Code. Employment agreements may be used either because services
cannot be provided by an independent contractor such as employment
clearly exists because of the requirement to work on specific premises
under customer's close control, in the order or sequence set by the
customer or because of other considerations, such as putting important
professionals on the payroll to increase the value of the company.
Employment Agreements: Written employment agreements must be executed,
taking the form of a single document produced in duplicate—one copy each
for the employee and the employer. These agreements must conform to the
provisions outlined in the Labor Code and other relevant labor
regulations. Employment contracts may be of fixed or indefinite terms,
with a probationary period typically capped at three months. While the
enforceability of restrictive covenants like non-compete and
non-solicitation clauses remains somewhat uncertain, judicial precedent
leans toward validating such limitations for independent contractors.
There is a possibility that these clauses could be upheld for employees
as well, provided their implementation is reasonably necessary to
safeguard the employer's business interests.
Work Schedule and Leaves: Armenia adheres to a regular five-day work
week, Monday to Friday. However, a six-day work week—Monday to
Saturday—can be adopted at the employer's discretion. Regardless of the
work week structure, weekly working hours should not surpass 40 hours.
Employees are entitled to an annual leave of 20 working days (24 days
for a six-day work week). Maternity leave ordinarily spans 140 days (70
days prior to and 70 days following childbirth). The nation observes 12
non-working public holidays, including December 31 to January 2, January
6, January 28, March 8, April 24, May 1, 9, and 28, July 5, and
September 21.
Compensation: The minimum monthly salary in Armenia stands at AMD 75,000
(approximately $194). However, the average monthly wage in the country
tends to be around $690. IT professionals, particularly those in
managerial capacities, generally receive substantially higher wages.
Higher compensation rates are mandated for overtime work, non-working
day assignments, and night shifts.
Termination: Termination of employment can be done through mutual
agreement between the employer and employee. Employees typically possess
the unilateral right to terminate an employment contract—fixed or
indefinite—by providing a 30-day notice. Employers can initiate the
termination of indefinite-term employment if valid grounds such as
economic fluctuations, incapacity to fulfill job requisites, long-term
disability, regular failure by employee to perform his/her duties, loss
of confidence in the employee, and more, are substantiated. For detailed
information, please check the employment webpage.

[]

IMMIGRATION (WORK AND RESIDENCE PERMITS)

Employees: Armenia has emerged as a favored destination for
professionals, particularly software developers from foreign countries
such as India and Iran (Iranian nationals benefit from visa-free travel
to Armenia, while Indian citizens are eligible for e-visas). Prospective
foreign employees typically necessitate the acquisition of a work permit
before starting employment with a local Armenian employer. Exceptions to
this requirement exist, with a noteworthy exemption for IT specialists
performing roles such as computer technicians and web designers.
Additionally, further exclusions extend to individuals working within
border regions, citizens of Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) member states
(namely Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan, etc.), as well as
foreigners engaged in equipment installation, repair, or local staff
training associated with said equipment. Additional insights regarding
work permits are available on the corresponding webpage. The process of
getting a work and residence permit for foreign employees typically
involves a period of 2 months.
Employees of a Foreign Company Temporarily Assigned to
Armenia: Employees remaining on the payroll of a foreign company—thus
not becoming part of the local Armenian company's workforce—are
generally exempt from the requirement of a work permit. However, their
residency in Armenia is confined to the validity period of their visas
(typically up to 180 days for visa-free eligible foreigners), with
limited prospects for securing a residence permit.
Managers: Foreign executive managers enjoy the privilege of working in
Armenia without the necessity of a work permit. Additionally, their
employment status serves as the basis for securing a residence permit.
Freelancers and Digital Nomads: Freelancers may stay in Armenia only for
the duration of their visas (normally up to 180 days for foreigners who
can stay in Armenia visa-free). A viable route to obtaining such a
permit for freelancers can be registering with Armenian tax authorities
as sole proprietors (private entrepreneurs). Normally a 5% tax would be
assessed on any income reported by the private entrepreneur together
with flat taxes of around $23 per month.

[]

Data Protection

The regulatory framework governing data protection is established by the
Personal Data Protection Act. This legislation contains both procedural
and substantive obligations concerning the processing of personal
data—information that possesses the potential to identify a natural
individual. The scope of "processing" is comprehensive, encompassing
activities such as data collection, input, systematization,
organization, storage, utilization, alteration, restoration,
transmission, rectification, blocking, and deletion of personal data.
Special legal provisions govern personal data that pertains to matters
of state and official secrets, banking, notarial and insurance
confidentiality, legal professional privilege, anti-money laundering,
and related domains. Compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act is
entrusted to the Personal Data Protection Agency of the Ministry of
Justice. Failure to conform to these regulations may result in
regulatory repercussions, including administrative penalties such as
fines of up to $1,000, or potentially even criminal penalties in the
form of monetary fines or imprisonment.
Apart from the regulatory framework, a significant number of outsourcing
agreements incorporate comprehensive clauses addressing crucial aspects
such as data ownership, data transmission, confidentiality, procedural
protocols for data processing, technological and information security
measures, as well as provisions for indemnification in the event of
breaches.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

Contact us:
[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | Skype | WhatsApp | Viber | IMO

Business Opportunities in Armenia 2020  

Investment Opportunities in Armenia 2021 

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

8,300 Sq. M. (2.05 Ac) Vineyard for Sale in Vedi, $19,000

An error occurred.

Try watching this video on www.youtube.com, or enable JavaScript if it
is disabled in your browser.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Property Description

This property of 8,300 sq. m. (2.05 ac) is a vineyard located in Vedi,
Ararat valley, with a beautiful view of mount Ararat (only 14 km to east
of the famous Khor Virap monastery). The property is zoned as
agricultural. 

Details

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Size                              | 8,300 sq. m. (2.05 Ac)            |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Asking Price                      | $19,000                           |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Asking Price per Sq. M.           | $2.29                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard Area                     | 8,300 sq. m.                      |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Yield                             | 20 t                              |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Return on Investment (Est.)       | 10%                               |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Grape Varieties                   | Kangun                            |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Altitude                          | 848 m                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Temperature                       | -20° C (January); +35° C (July)   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Hours of Sunshine per Year        | 2,700                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Annual Rainfall                   | 200-250 mm                        |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Seller Financing                  | Yes                               |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Parcel Numbers                    | 03-004-0417-0011;                 |
|                                   | 03-004-0418-0011                  |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| GPS Coordinates (approx.)         | 39.903966; 44.694554              |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Annual Property Taxes             | $58 (AMD 28,000)                  |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Zoning                            | Agricultural                      |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Access                            | E117 Highway                      |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

Location & Distance

Vedi is a small town with 14,800 inhabitants, in the Ararat
Province of Armenia, located along the Vedi River, 35 kilometres (22
miles) south of the capital Yerevan, and 18 kilometres (11 miles)
southeast of the provincial center Artashat. The name Vedi is derived
from the Arabic word wadi, meaning valley. The territory of Vedi has
been settled since the Urartian period. However, the name Vedi was first
mentioned during the 13th century by historian Stephen Orbelian in his
book History of the Province of Syunik. The Goravan semi-desert forms a
natural border at the south of the town, while the mountains of Urts
form the natural borders of Vedi to the north. The Vedi River flows
through the city, and there are also underground mineral water
reserves. Vedi and the surrounding territories are a major center for
agricultural and dairy products in Armenia. Main crops are grape and
apricot. Home-made wine is very common in Vedi. The VediAlco founded in
1956, is among the prominent wine and brandy producers in Armenia.

The climate is dry and very continental. Winters begin in mid-December,
with average January temperatures ranging from -5 to -6. The lowest
temperature was -32 degrees. Summer is hot, from May to October, the
average monthly air temperature reaches 24 to 26 degrees, and the
maximum - 42 degrees. The annual precipitation is 200-250 mm. Natural
landscapes are semi-deserts that have been transformed into
cultivated-irrigated lands.

Vedi is connected to Yerevan via E117 highway of international
importance, part of the new North-South Road program. Distance from
major cities/towns:

-   Yerevan – 49.1 km (46 min.)
-   Artashat – 17.9 km (17 min.)
-   Ararat - 11.1 km (13 min.)
-   Areni - 61.7 (1 h.)

Opportunities

-   []

    Vineyard

-   []

    Greenhouse

-   []

    Solar energy

-   []

    Buy and hold

-   []

    Poultry

-   []

    Tiny house, mobile home

-   []

    Park RV or travel trailer

-   []

    Drying Farm

-   []

    Orchard

-   []

    Vegetable farm

-   []

    Beekeeping

-   []

    Raw Crop

-   []

    Raise Livestock

-   []

    Cool Storage

FAQ

How does the closing process work? 

We will need the passport copies of everyone you would like on the deed
as well as a power of attorney (POA) to purchase the property. Please
note that both the POA and the passport copies must be legalized
(Apostille or consular legalization). Once the preliminary purchase
agreement is signed and the price is paid we will have the transfer deed
executed and notarized and will record your ownership rights at the
Cadastre. We will send you the ownership certificate issued by the
Cadastre. 

[]

How does seller financing work? 

With seller financing, the title will be transferred to you immediately.
However, the property will be encumbered by the seller's rights and can
be repossessed if the installments are not paid on time.

[]

How many people can be included on the deed? 

You can have as many people listed on the deed as you would like.

[]

Can the deed be made out to an LLC? 

Yes, the deed can be made out to an LLC or corporation, whether
registered in Armenia or abroad.

Can I build on the property?

In general, unless the land is rezoned as residential or commercial, it
is not allowed to build on agricultural land, with the exception of
small buildings of up to 30 sq. m. In certain communities it is allowed
to build structures of up to 300 sq. m. if the size of the land is in
excess of 10,000 sq. m. 

In other cases, you will be required to change the zoning of the land.
This is possible to do with the assistance of the local municipality.
Normally, a business plan or other supporting documents need to be
provided together with the application. 

Has a title search been done? 

Yes. Armenian law prohibits any sale of property without obtaining a
clean title certificate from the Cadastre showing that the property is
not encumbered or otherwise restricted. 

Are taxes up to date? 

Yes. Armenian law prohibits any sale of property without paying all
outstanding taxes. 

Can I visit the property?

Yes, you can certainly visit the property at any time. 

Does the property have an address?

No, land plots zoned as agricultural are not assigned addresses in
Armenia. However, you can plug the approximate GPS coordinates into
Google Maps in order to locate the property (as shown above).

Has a survey been done?

All properties in Armenia have been measured and registered in the
single registry maintained by the Cadastre. Irregularities with
boundaries are quite rare. It is possible to hire a surveyor (measurer)
to redraw the map of the lot and make sure there are no discrepancies
between the actual boundaries and the boundaries as shown on the
cadastral map.

Are RVs allowed? 

There are no restrictions on parking vehicles, including RVs, travel
trailers, etc. 

Benefits of Investment in Land

-   []

    Tangible Asset

-   []

    Increasing Demand

-   []

    Limited Supply

-   []

    Low Cost to Own

-   []

    Low Cost to Maintain

-   []

    Potential for Passive Income

-   []

    Potential for Quick Profit

-   []

    Flexibility to Build or Hold

7 Reasons for Investing in Armenian Property

1. 100% Foreign Ownership

Foreigners can be 100% owners of real estate in Armenia: they can
acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequest and otherwise dispose of their
property on equal basis with locals. Foreigners do not need to have a
residence permit or otherwise show any links to Armenia. Agricultural
land can be owned through a legal entity.

2. Fast & Safe Registration

The entire process of buying a property in Armenia can take only a few
days. Armenia ranks very high – the 13th – among 190 countries on the
World Bank’s “Registering Property” index which measures both the
efficiency and the quality of the property registration system. By way
of comparison, the U.S. ranks 39th, the U.K. – 41st, , France – 99th.

3. No Gift or Inheritance Taxes

Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes.

4. No Tax on Capital Gains

Capital gains on the sale of real property by an individual are
generally not taxed. 

5. Low Property Taxes

Tax real estate tax rates are in the range of 0% to 1% of the cadastral
value which is normally significantly lower than the market value.

6. No Stamp Duties

There are no stamp duties. Only small official fees are paid and they do
not depend on the value of the real estate.

7. Residency & Citizenship

Armenia offers temporary, permanent and special residence to foreign
business people as well as citizenship-by-exception to important
investors. Investing in real estate may qualify you for such immigration
benefits. 

Legal & Taxes

[]

#1. Foreign Ownership of Real Property

Foreigners can be 100% owners of real estate in Armenia: they can
acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequest and otherwise dispose of their
property on equal basis with locals. Foreigners do not need to have a
residence permit or otherwise show any links to Armenia.  At the same
time, investing in real estate might qualify you for a temporary or
permanent residence permit. The only restriction applies to foreign
ownership of agricultural land. When buying agricultural land in Armenia
a foreigner may need to set up a legal entity and acquire the land in
the name of that entity. Agricultural land can also be directly owned by
foreigners who have special residency status in Armenia.

[]

#2. Ownership Structure

Sole Ownership 

Irrespective of your marital status you may choose to buy the property
in your sole name.

In most countries marital laws specify that assets acquired during the
marriage are jointly held by both spouses, irrespective of by whom they
may have been purchased (community property). The position in Armenia is
generally no different. In the case of a married couple, the civil law
acts as though the property were in joint ownership on an equal basis
(50-50), unless there were specific provisions to the contrary in the
marriage contract. Thus, your spouse will be considered as a co-owner of
the property whether or not his/her name was included in the purchase
agreement. 

Armenian law does not recognize "common law  marriages." If you live
together but are not married, Armenian law grants no automatic rights of
permanent occupation or ownership to your partner. In the absence of a
will, the partner will not have any inheritance rights either. 

A single person who buys a property in Armenia and subsequently gets
married, may enter into a marriage contract, in which the spouses can
stipulate that the property is brought within the terms of the marriage
contract. 

Joint Ownership

Joint ownership exists when the property is purchased by two or more
persons, with each one holding a stake in the property in whatever terms
that may be decided between them. In the case of a couple this would
normally be in equal shares but, where there are more than two
purchasers, it may be in proportion to the amount each person
contributed in financing the purchase e.g. 70% / 20% / 10%. In common
law the equivalent is the ‘tenancy in common’.

All the owners are entitled to participate in decisions concerning the
property. The law requires decisions concerning the property to be made
unanimously. One or several owners can demand that the property be sold,
unless it is possible for their shares to be physically separated or the
other owners are willing to buy these shares. If no agreement can be
reached it may be necessary to apply to the court for an order to be
obtained authorizing the sale of the property.

One of the owners can also dispose by way of sale or gift the part of
the property he/she owns. In case of sale of their part of the property
they are obliged to grant a right of preemption to existing owners. This
rule does not apply where disposal is by way of gift or inheritance.
Other owners have one month to exercise their preemption rights. 

Company Ownership

It is possible to buy property in Armenia using a local or foreign
limited company that has a distinct legal identity from that of its
shareholders,

The main reasons for owning Armenian property through a company are:

-   To allow purchase of the property by multiple persons;
-   To provide stability and continuity in the ownership and management
    of family property;
-   To facilitate the transfer and ownership of property;
-   To avoid the constraints of inheritance laws;
-   To create tax advantages;
-   To protect the family home from business creditors.

 There may also be tax disadvantages to this solution, notably in
relation to withholding taxes and capital gains tax.

[]

#3. Establishing Good Title

The clean title certificate (in Armenian - միասնական տեղեկանք) is issued
by the Cadastre and shows the registered ownership as well as other
rights and encumbrances over the property, including liens, mortgages,
tenancies, easements etc. It is the most important document in the due
diligence process and, in many cases, the single document on which the
buyers rely. The certificate is valid for 15 business days during which
the agreement (preliminary and/or final) must be executed. If the 15-day
period lapses a new certificate will have to be obtained. An application
for a clean title certificate can be filed by the seller, the buyer or
any other interested party. 

The existence of other interests in the property, such as easements,
rights of heirs etc., cannot always be entirely verified by the clean
title certificate. There may be persons who have a right of prior
acquisition, or preemption, on the sale of a property. There may also be
unauthorized alterations or additions carried out to the property that
have not been declared to the planning authority. For building land, the
certificate merely states that the land is zoned for construction; it
will subsequently be necessary to obtain full planning consent (building
permit).

[]

#4. Preliminary Agreement

A preliminary agreement does not transfer the property, but specifies a
future date or period during which the property will be transferred, and
may set out the conditions (contingencies) which must be satisfied
before closing occurs. Signing a preliminary agreement is not a
mandatory step and you may proceed to closing the sale directly.
However, having a preliminary agreement may be useful if you are not
ready to close the sale immediately but want to secure the property and
have a legally binding agreement.

A preliminary agreement may become necessary if the final sale is
dependent on contingencies, such as:

-   Securing a mortgage or other financing;
-   Clearing the property from liens;
-   Carrying out an appraisal;
-   Obtaining other documents/permits, such as the consent of the
    guardianship (municipal) authority if one of the sellers is a minor.

A preliminary agreement must be notarized to be legally enforceable.
Although preliminary agreements are generally not formally registered it
is advisable to file a copy with the Cadastre to minimize the
possibility of the seller breaching the contract by selling the property
to a third party.

Typically, at this stage the buyer will pay a deposit to the seller. The
amount of the deposit may vary and shall be agreed upon by the parties.

A preliminary agreement is a mutually binding instrument. Once it is
validly signed, neither party may walk away from the deal, unless one or
more of the contingencies is not met. If either party fails to observe
the agreement's terms, the other party will have a range of legal
remedies open to him. As a minimum, a defaulting buyer risks his
deposit. It is common to stipulate that a defaulting seller must pay
double the amount of the deposit as a penalty. Unless otherwise
stipulated, a court may order specific performance to compel the parties
to complete the transfer.

[]

#5. Purchase and Sale Agreement (Deed of Sale)

The final sale and purchase agreement must be executed in the presence
of a notary. Although the most basic agreements can also be
authenticated directly by a cadastral officer a notary will be required
if the agreement has to be customized or if one of the parties does not
speak Armenian. The notary has the legal obligation to provide you with
information on the nature and implications of the agreement you are
signing. The notary will need to be satisfied as to the identity of the
parties and their legal capacity to proceed with the transaction. The
passports and marriage certificates of all signatories will be required.
If the seller is a minor or elderly or handicapped they may be under the
protection of a guardian, in which case the approval of the guardian
will be sought before the sale can be concluded. If the seller is
married then the notary will wish to be satisfied that the spouse agrees
to the sale.

Each notary will have his/her own agreement template and these templates
may vary in detail. It is necessary to ensure that all the important
clauses are included in the agreement. Normally, agreements are in
Armenian language only and the translation is done verbally by reading
the whole agreement to the buyer. You will be charged a small fee for
the interpreter's service.

The sale and purchase contract must be the final and comprehensive
agreement because the parties will have only 30 days to have it
registered at the Cadastre. If there are conditions that still have to
be fulfilled it is better to sign a preliminary agreement. There are no
"cooling-off" rules in Armenian law. Once signed, the agreement becomes
effective and the parties may not withdraw from the contract.

If you are buying any fixtures or fittings as part of the purchase of
the property, then you should arrange for an inventory to be prepared.
If you are able to do so, visit the property the day before the
agreement is signed to ensure that all is as it should be, particularly
if the sale includes a certain number of fixtures and fittings. At the
same time you can also check that you will get vacant possession of the
property following the execution of the agreement, unless the latter
provides that the property will be vacated at a later stage.

If you are unable to get across to Armenia for signing the agreement in
person, you can arrange to give a relative, friend or lawyer a power of
attorney to sign on your behalf.

[]

#6. Registration

After the final sale and purchase agreement is executed the buyer has 30
business days to register his/her ownership rights with the Cadastre.
Failure to register these rights within the 30-day period will result in
invalidation of the sale and purchase agreement. The buyer will have to
submit an original copy of the sale and purchase agreement and a
notarized translation of the passport. A notarized power of attorney
will be required if the registration is done through a lawyer or other
representative. The registration process can take from a few hours to a
few days, depending on whether you pay the fast-track service fees. An
ownership certificate will be issued with basic details about the
property and the new owner. You will then present the ownership
certificate to the public utility services (electricity, gas, phone
etc.) so that they also register the change in ownership and prepare new
agreements in your name. 

[]

#7. Fees and Taxes

Notary & Registration Fees

By convention, notary fees and official registration fees are paid by
the buyer, but the parties may agree that the costs should be shared, or
even paid by the seller. These costs are around $200-500. Official fees
are fixed and do not depend on the value of the real estate. Fast-track
services are also available for additional fees.

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Service     | Regular Fee | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  |
|             |             | (Same Day)  | (Next Day)  | (Three      |
|             |             |             |             | Days)       |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Notary Fee  | US$21-31    | N/A         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| N           | US$10       | N/A         |             |             |
| otarization |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Clean Title | US$21       | US$125      | US$ 41      | N/A         |
| Certificate |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Ownership   | US$52       | US$313      | US$156      | US$105      |
| R           |             |             |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| R           | US$41       | N/A         |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Capital Gains Tax

Transfer of residential property between individuals is normally not
taxable, provided that both the buyer and the seller are individuals
(not registered as private entrepreneurs). Thus, tax on capital gains
realized by individuals form selling residential property is 0%.
However, if the buyer is a legal entity or a private entrepreneur a
withholding tax of 10% is applicable.

Real Estate (Property) Tax

The real estate tax is payable by the owner of the real estate on an
annual basis. Tax rates are in the range of 0% to 1% of the cadastral
value which is normally significantly lower than the market value.

Where the real property is sold by an individual the new owner assumes
the tax liabilities for any unpaid property tax. However, recent
amendments make it obligatory for the seller to procure a certificate
confirming the absence of tax liabilities from the local municipality.

Rental Income Tax

Rental income not exceeding 58.35 million Armenian drams (approximately,
US$120,000) per year is taxed at 10%. Rental income in excess of that
amount is taxable at 20%.   

Stamp Duty, Inheritance & Gifts Taxes

Armenia does not have stamp duties, gifts or inheritance taxes. 

Communal Charges

If you own a property such as an apartment there will be maintenance and
service charges to pay. They will depend on the size and quality of the
complex, such as whether there are lifts, a pool, gardens and other
facilities.

[]

#8. Currency Exchange & Anti-Money Laundering Regulations

Armenian laws require that the buyer of real property make the payments
in local currency, Armenian drams. If the payment is done through a
bank, the latter must ensure that these rules are complied with. 

Currency exchange services are provided by banks, other credit
institutions, as well as currency exchange offices.

There are no restrictions on transferring foreign currency to or from
Armenia. 

If the amount of the transaction exceeds 50 million drams (approx.
US$105,000) the excess payment must be done through a bank transfer.

[]

#9. Inheritance

Intestate Inheritance. In the absence of a will the law stipulates an
order of inheritance, as follows:

1.  Spouse, children and parents;
2.  Brothers and sisters (and their descendants);
3.  Grandparents; 
4.  Uncles and aunts (and their descendants).

Each order of inheritors excludes the following inheritors, and those in
the same order share the inheritance equally between them. Accordingly,
those beyond the first order of inheritance will only inherit if there
are no spouse, children and parents. Thus, if you die leaving a
surviving spouse, two parents and two children, each of them will
receive 1/5 of your estate. It is possible to increase the rights of the
surviving spouse or the children but this requires some inheritance
planning.

Spouse. The surviving spouse is not specifically protected under
Armenian inheritance law. This is because the law has traditionally
considered that the estate of the deceased belongs to the whole family,
rather than any single member of it. That being said, only that part of
the estate belonging to the deceased is subject to inheritance laws, so
a surviving spouse will normally retain ownership of at least 50% of
their jointly held assets. 

If the marriage was not registered, the surviving partner will have no
rights of inheritance of the estate of the deceased. As between one
another those living in free union are legal strangers, with no
inheritance rights between them.

Children. Children of the couple born outside of the marriage benefit
from the same rights as those of the children from within the marriage,
as do children of the deceased born with another partner. Adopted
children of the couple benefit from the same rights as natural children,
but they are excluded from any rights of inheritance from their natural
parents. The grand-children receive no entitlement, unless one of the
children of the deceased is himself deceased. In this case, they step
into the shoes of their deceased parent.

Testamentary Freedom.  Under Armenian law you can freely dispose of your
estate and you may choose to disinherit your spouse, children and
parents by making a will or a gift. However, they may still claim 50% of
the value of the property that they would be entitled to in the absence
of a will if:

1.  They are aged under 18 or above 60;
2.  They are disabled or legally incapable.

The will must be made in writing and notarized. Failure to notarize the
will makes it invalid. 

Inheritance Planning. If you want to have some control over your estate
on your death, then you need to undertake some inheritance planning,
such as:

-   Increase the proportion of an heir's share by making a will;
-   Make gifts during your lifetime;
-   Buy the property through a limited company;
-   Take a life insurance policy.

Taxes. Inheritance and gifts are not taxed in Armenia. However, the
disposition of property may still be taxable in the country where the
heir has his/her tax residence, unless there is a double tax treaty
between Armenia and that country.

Accepting the Inheritance. The heirs have 6 months following the death
to accept the inheritance by making a notarized declaration. The notary
will establish the list of beneficiaries, verify if a will exists,
undertake the division of the estate, and issue inheritance certificates
to the inheritors. 

Executor. You may appoint a lawyer or another person to act as the
executor. The executor shall take measures for the maintenance and
management of the estate, inform the heirs and other beneficiaries of
the will, pay and collect debts, represent the estate in courts, ensure
that the estate is distributed in accordance with the will, assist with
the interpretation of the will, report to the heirs, work with the
notary etc.

[]

Armenia is a modern and fast-growing country with rich history and
traditions, beautiful nature, excellent cuisine, low taxes, low crime
rate, and low cost of living. Foreigners are allowed to be 100% owners
of real estate in Armenia and can take advantage of investment
opportunities. Armenia generally does not tax real estate transactions,
capital gains, gifts, or inheritance. Real estate investment can also
grant immigration benefits, such as residence or citizenship.

A knowledgeable local lawyer can help you navigate through the
investment process, avoid pitfalls and minimize risks. Legal assistance
can be very valuable in the process of due diligence checks, document
review and preparation, payments, registrations, etc. Please contact us
for a free evaluation of your case.

Country Overview

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Header                | []                    |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| []                    | Area SQ.KM.           | 29,700                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | PopulatioN            | 2,962,000             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Capital:              | Yerevan (1,075,000)   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Religion:             | christian (94.8%)     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | lANGUAGE:             | Armenian              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | LITERACY RATE:        | 99%                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Climate:              | SUMMER 33C            |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | WINTER 4C             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Currency:             | DRAM ($1 = 480 AMD)   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Average Salary:       | $387                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | GDP Growth (2019):    | 7.6%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | GdP per capita:       | $4,173                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Unemployment:         | 18%                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Inflation:            | 1.7%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Leave a Comment

[]Share0

[]Tweet0

Return to Top

Copyright 2021 - Vardanyan & Partners LLC

Get Free Advice

Please send your inquiries by filling out this form.

2021.01.26 Investment

I am interested in investing in :

Real estate

Business

Bank deposits, savings accounts

Bonds, stocks, mutual funds

Precious objects

OtherOther

Land

House

Apartment

Vacation property

Commercial property

New development projects

OtherOther

Raw farmland

Orchards or vineyards

Greenhouses

Land for residential or commercial development

Recreational land

OtherOther

Preferred location

Yes

No

I am interested in:

Starting a new business

Starting a franchise

Purchasing an existing business

Becoming a shareholder of an existing business

Main line of business: AgricultureIT, Software DevelopmentOnline
BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

Investment will be in the following range (min. - max. in USD)

I wish to invest:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

I am interested in immigration (residency, citizenship)

Yes

No

Name

Email *

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Questions and Comments

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney LL.M. Georgetown University New York Bar | Armenian Chamber of Advocates

We are a team of licensed lawyers based in Armenia and Georgia. Our
primary commitment is to provide quality service to clients at a
compelling value that helps manage risk, overcome regulatory issues and
advance their personal and business goals. 

[]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why Us

-   []

    Fully Licensed

-   []

    10+ Years of Experience

-   []

    Broad Scope of Legal Services

-   []

    Quick Communication

-   []

    Honest & Ethical

-   []

    Fluent in English

-   []

    Result-Based Fees

-   []

    Secure Online Payments

-   []

    No Hidden Charges

-   []

    Liability Insurance

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Book a Call with a Lawyer

[bookly-form category_id=”0″ service_id=”1″ staff_member_id=”1″]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Services

-   []

    Passport

-   []

    ID Card

-   []

    Special Passport

-   []

    Residence Permit

-   []

    Visa

-   []

    Legal Advice

-   []

    Document Review

-   []

    Procurement

-   []

    Legalization

-   []

    Case Tracking

-   []

    Address Registration

-   []

    Bank Account

-   []

    SSN

-   []

    Taxpayer ID Number

-   []

    Translation

-   []

    Power of Attorney

-   []

    Company Formation

-   []

    Tax Compliance

-   []

    Real Estate Transactions

-   []

    Investments

-   []

    Remote Applications

-   []

    Renewals

-   []

    Appeals

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Attorney

LL.M. Georgetown University

New York Bar | Armenia Chamber of Advocates

We would love to hear your opinion. If you feel we have provided
valuable information and support or would like to leave us feedback,
please do so below. If you have any concerns please call us today at
+374.99.00.11.67.

Thank you for helping us improve.

[wp-review-visitor-rating]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Remove Picture

Did you find all the information you were looking for? Is there anything
missing?

What did you like most about this page? Would you recommend us to a
friend?

Submit

[]

Thanks you!.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Business Opportunities in Armenia 

Foreign business owners and investors find Armenia to be an appealing
destination due to its favorable economic reforms, emphasis on safety,
openness, and freedom. The country has established a welcoming
environment for foreign investment, with minimal restrictions on
ownership of companies, real estate, and other assets. Notably, Armenia
ensures the unrestricted repatriation of both invested capital and
profits, further boosting its appeal to international investors. In
order to promote investment, Armenia offers attractive incentives,
including tax benefits and comprehensive government assistance programs.
This approach encourages the initiation of investment projects,
fostering economic growth.
Micro-businesses, IT start-ups, companies operating within free economic
zones, industrial zones, select border towns, and villages can benefit
from a zero-tax status. Similarly, smaller businesses with annual sales
under approximately $280,000 are subject to a nominal sales (turnover)
tax, ranging from 1.5% to 5%. Remarkably, Armenia follows a lenient tax
policy regarding individual capital gains from the sale of securities,
real estate, and various assets. Additionally, insurance and pension
payments are exempt from taxation, as are gifts, inheritances, and net
worth. Moreover, property taxes remain notably low.
Investing in Armenia not only offers promising financial prospects but
also presents an opportunity to secure residence status for both
investors and their families. By meeting certain criteria, individuals
can obtain temporary, permanent, or special residence statuses. For
those considering long-term engagement, Armenia's general naturalization
rules allow foreign residents to become eligible for Armenian
citizenship after completing three years of residency.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Business Opportunities in Armenia

1

Business Opportunities by Sectors

Examine the various sectors for incorporating a company in Armenia.

[]

learn more

2

Government Subsidies for Agriculture

Investigate the government subsidy programs for agriculture,
encompassing the benefits of each.

[]

learn more

3

Bank Deposit and Bond Rates

Explore the bank deposits and bond rates for some passive income.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2020.12.23 Company

I am interested in creating a: *

For-profit entity (LLC, corporation, cooperative)

Subsidiary, branch office or representative office

Non-profit entity (foundation, association)

Main line of business: * Please select from drop-down listIT, Software
DevelopmentOnline BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

I am also interested in the following services:

Corporate bank account

Tax compliance, payroll & accounting

Immigration services (visas, work permits, residence permits, etc.)

Permits & licenses

Employer of record & outstaffing

Nominee services

Legal address & virtual office

Secretary & legal services

Trademark registration

Real estate transactions

Corporate changes

M&A, reorganization or dissolution

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Name

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

Get Free Advice

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Business Opportunities by Sectors

[]

AGRICULTURE

• Beekeeping & honey production
• Greenhouse (flowers, vegetables, berries, herbs, lemons, etc.)
• Dried fruits (apricots, prunes, peaches, etc.)
• Winemaking
• Vegetables (celery, asparagus, broccoli, etc.)
• Poultry farming & hatchery operation
• Berries (strawberry, blackberry, raspberry, etc.)
• Cattle farming
• Sheep & goat farming
• Pig farming
• Fish farming (crawfish, caviar, etc.)
• Herb growing (herbal teas, spices, medicinal herbs, stevia)
• Dried herbs and medicinal herbs
• Wild harvest
• Paulownia tree farming
• Crops (buckwheat, emmer wheat, etc.)
• Corn farming
• Cotton farming
• Mushroom farming, harvesting
• Snail farming
• Horse breeding

Vineyards & Orchards

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard of 8,300 sq. m. (2.05    | []                                |
| ac)  located in Vedi, Ararat      |                                   |
| valley, with a beautiful view of  |                                   |
| mount Ararat. $19,000.            |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard and a small apricot      | []                                |
| orchard of 8,045 sq. m. (1.99 ac) |                                   |
| in Lenughi village, Armavir       |                                   |
| province (Ararat Valley), near    |                                   |
| the famous Sardarapat Memorial.   |                                   |
| $22,000.                          |                                   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

[]

Food processing

• Cold storage for fruits and vegetables
• Slaughterhouse
• Fish processing
• Cheese making, milk processing
• Meat processing
• Canning, packaging, freezing, etc.
• Juice
• Compote, jam, syrup, concentrate, pickles
• Mushroom processing
• Vodka (grape, apricot, apple, plum, etc.)
• Brandy, fruit & herbal wine, tinctures
• Pasta manufacturing
• Processing of wild harvest (canned fruits, berries, herbs)
• Flour milling
• Oil production (olive, linseed, grape seed, etc.)
• Livestock feed manufacturing
• Organic fertilizer production
• Leasing of farm equipment

[]

travel and tourism

• Guest house, bed & breakfast
• Camping & glamping
• Wooden, light-structure, treehouse cottages
• Rest area (shelter, food, WC, market, souvenir shop, etc.)
• Co-living space
• Workcation space
• Rental of recreational vehicles
• Travel agency
• Souvenir shop
• Gastronomy & wine tourism
• Restaurants (café, pavilion, gastro-yard, etc.)
• Craft tourism
• Archeological tourism
• Adventure tourism
• Hiking trails & tours
• Horseback riding
• Mountain climbing
• Cave tourism
• Off-road tours
• Rental of all-terrain vehicles
• Bicycle rental station
• Mountain bike trails & tours
• Fishing
• Eco-village
• Birdwatching
• Winter tourism (ski lodges, ski equipment rental)
• Rental of snowmobiles
• Recreational & athletic facilities
• Amusement park
• Skating rink
• Zip line
• Ropeway

[]

automotive

• Gas station
• Auto parts
• Auto pawnshop
• Car wash
• Car service station
• Carsharing
• Help with buying used cars

[]

children's products and services

• Children's center
• Play rooms and playgrounds
• Kindergartens
• Goods for kids
• Children's clothing
• Mental math
• Toys and games for children
• Children's' hairdressing salons

[]

food

• Café
• Restaurant
• Fast food outlet
• Bar
• Coffeehouse
• Coffee to go
• Beer house
• Sushi, rolls
• Canteen
• Hookah bars
• Children's café
• Burgers
• Pizzerias
• Pancakes & waffles
• Ice cream
• Shawarma

[]

education

• Courses
• English language schools
• Schools & training centers
• Schools of programming and robotics
• Language schools and centers
• Football schools

[]

manufacturing

• Bakery
• Food production
• Building materials production

[]

trade

• Car accessories
• Liquor stores
• Pharmacies
• Vape shops, hookahs
• Vending machines
• Healthy food
• Pet shops
• Stationery
• Confectionery
• Cosmetics and perfumery
• Furniture
• Butcher shops
• Underwear
• Equipment and tools
• Shoes
• Clothing
• Optics
• Gifts
• Food
• Fish
• Sweets
• Building materials
• Bags and suitcases
• Phones & gadgets
• Household goods
• Health and beauty products
• Dropshipping
• Flowers and plants
• Jewelry

[]

services

•  Rentals and hire
•  Apartment rentals
•  Car rentals
•  ATV & snowmobile rentals
•  Bicycle and scooter rental
•  Manpower supply
•  Food delivery
•  Call center
•  Cleaning services
•  Courier delivery services
•  Shipping and cargo services
•  Nursing homes
•  Advertisement/marketing agency
•  Phone repair service centers
•  Construction and renovation
•  Taxi, cargo transportation
•  Shooting range
•  Pet grooming
•  Photo studios
•  Dry cleaners, laundries
•  Certification centers
•  Security & surveillance
•  Co-working spaces

[]

health and beauty

• Epilation and sugaring
• Fitness clubs
• Athletic clubs
• Dentistry
• Beauty salons
• Hairdressing salons
• Eyelash extension
• Medical laboratories
• Medical centers
• Manicure, pedicure
• Massage parlors
• Barbershops
• Grooming salons
• Fitness/yoga studios

[]

online and home-based businesses

• Online stores
• Digital & social media marketing

[]

entertainment

• Quests
• Bookmakers
• Pools, water parks
• Virtual reality
• Computer/cybersport clubs

[]

finances

• Insurance brokers
• Pawnshops
• Credit brokers
• Cryptocurrencies & mining

[]

professional services

• Legal services
• Real estate
• Migration center
• Consulting
• Bankruptcy
• Accounting services
• Visa application centers 

[]

Government Subsidies for Agriculture

Agriculture stands as a driving force within the Armenian economy, yet
the nation's untapped potential remains a compelling opportunity. In a
strategic move, the government has introduced a range of subsidy
programs aimed at propelling selected agricultural sectors to new
heights.
                                                               
 Orchards & Vineyards
Armenia's history of fruit farming and wine cultivation is rich and
enduring. Presently, over 60,000 entities are actively involved in these
sectors, with grape, apricot, and peach cultivation taking center stage.
Orchards have doubled in size between 1998 and 2016, with yield surging
by 14.5% from 2008 to 2017, attributed to innovative technological
implementations.
To bolster this sector, the government extends two subsidy models:
compensation for vineyard/orchard establishment costs and low-interest
rate loans.
Loan Structure:
Interest Rate: 2% (0% for border community farmers and cooperatives)
Vineyard/Orchard Size: 0.5-100 hectares
Maximum Loan Amounts:
            Vineyards: $2.9 million
            Intensive Orchards: $5 million
            Berry Farms: $4.7 million
Loan Term: 8 years, with a 5-year grace period
Compensation Approach:
Covers 50% of setup costs for vineyards/orchards
Vineyard/Orchard Size: 0.5-10 hectares
Maximum Allowable Costs:
           Vineyards: $24,800 per hectare
           Intensive Orchards: $44,800 per hectare
           Berry Farms: $36,700 per hectare
                                                                       
Cattle Farming
Cattle farming constitutes over 50% of livestock-generated GDP, with
recent years witnessing increased cattle counts and meat/milk prices.
Despite these gains, suboptimal technology adoption within small
households constrains the sector's full potential.
To bolster cattle farming, the government devised subsidized
agricultural loans, slashing financing interest rates from 14% to 2%.
Approximately 60% of these subsidies were channeled to cattle breeding
projects in 2018. The government also seeks to elevate purebred breeding
and has eliminated VAT on imported purebred cattle. This initiative
resulted in importing over 2,000 purebred cows between 2013 and 2018,
with expectations of surpassing 10,000 imports from 2019 to 2024.
Subsidy Structure:
Lowers interest rate to 2% (0% for border community farmers)
Maximum of 300 heads of purebred cows, not exceeding $600,000
Loan Term: 5 years

                                                               Sheep and
Goat Breeding
Sheep and goat breeding, a traditional sector, yields around AMD 50
billion (USD 129 million) in annual revenue. With enhanced management,
this figure could double. This sector focuses on food, wool, and leather
production, offering high profits with relatively low risks. Benefitting
from a favorable climate, more than 50 percent of agricultural land in
Armenia are pastures.
Armenia holds substantial potential for lamb exports, as evidenced by
exporting 20 thousand sheep and over 2,000 tons of lamb in the past four
years. The main directions for export are Iran, United Arab Emirates,
Qatar, Kuwait, and Georgia. Despite this, the 2019 count of sheep and
goats stood at around 640,000, merely half the 1991 count.
The government's $6.2 million subsidy program targets sheep and goat
acquisition, with 70% co-financing for agricultural cooperatives and 30%
for individuals. The program is projected to facilitate the acquisition
of around 30,000 sheep and goats, with a maximum value of approximately
$1,000 per purebred animal.
Subsidy Specifications:
Covers 23% of actual acquisition costs (27% for border community
farmers), excluding transportation costs
Maximum of 2,000 purebred sheep or goats, with the total expenditure
capped at $1.8 million

[]

Bank Deposits and Bonds

Rates as of Feb. 2022

Bank Deposits

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Bank                  | Armenian Dram (1-3    | US Dollar (1-3 Years) |
|                       | Years)                |                       |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| ACBA                  | 7.5%-9%               | 3.25%-4%              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Ameriabank            | 8%-9%                 | 2.4%-3%               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Araratbank            | 8%                    | 4%                    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Ardshinbank           | 8.75%                 | 2.75%-3.5%            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Armbusinessbank       | 8.75%-10.25%          | 3.2%-4.35%            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Armeconombank         | 8%-9.25%              | 3.7%-4.5%             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Armswissbank          | 8.5%-9.25%            | 3.75%-4%              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Artsakhbank           | 8.5%-9%               | 3%-4.25%              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Byblos Bank Armenia   | 9%-9.25%              | 4%-4.25%              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Converse Bank         | 8.75%-10%             | 3.25%-4.5%            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Evocabank             | 8.25%-10.75%          | 3.25%-5.25%           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| HSBC Armenia          | 7%-7.5%               | 1.5%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ID Bank               | 8%-9%                 | 3%-4%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Inecobank             | 9%-9.5%               | 3.15-3.4%             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Unibank               | 9%-9.75%              | 2.9%-4.1%             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| VTB                   | 9.3%                  | 1.75%-2.15%           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Bonds

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Issuer                | Armenian Dram         | US Dollar             |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Spayka                | 11․3%                 | 8.65%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Ucom                  | 11․5%                 | 7.5%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ASCE Group            | 11․75%                | 6․85%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| ZCMC                  | 11%                   | 5․75%                 |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Contact Us 

Vardanyan & Partners is a law firm based in Yerevan, Armenia, active
since 2012. We are a team of locally licensed English-speaking attorneys
specialized in immigration, incorporation and compliance. We value
honesty, transparency and client care.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Armenia is a country with a fascinating history and a bright future
ahead. Our firm is dedicated to assisting individuals and businesses who
share our belief in Armenia's potential and want to be a part of its
future success.

We hope that this website will provide you with all the information you
need. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
You can fill out a form on our website, send us an email
at [email protected], or reach us via phone or messaging apps such as
WhatsApp, Viber, Telegram, or Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always
here to help you.

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M. Georgetown University, admitted to practice in Armenia (license
no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

Contact Us

Your Name

Email Address

Your Message

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Armenia, with its strategic location, favorable business environment,
and abundant opportunities, offers a promising platform for growth and
success. In this article, we will explore the benefits of starting a
business in Armenia and how it can lead to residency.

[]

Benefits of Starting a Business in Armenia

Armenia provides numerous advantages for entrepreneurs who choose to
establish their businesses in the country. One key advantage is its
strategic location, acting as a bridge between Europe and Asia. This
advantageous position opens up vast market opportunities for businesses,
both locally and internationally. Additionally, Armenia's membership in
the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) provides significant benefits.
Firstly, Armenia gains access to a larger market comprising over 180
million consumers across EAEU member states. The elimination of customs
duties and trade barriers within the union facilitates the flow of goods
and services, making it easier for Armenian companies to trade with
other member states.
Furthermore, Armenia offers a favorable business environment
characterized by low tax rates and simplified regulations. In
particular, businesses operating in sectors such as IT and high-tech
industries enjoy additional tax benefits, including exemptions from
profit tax and reduced personal income tax for employees. These
incentives make Armenia an appealing destination for businesses in
innovative and technology-driven fields.

Business Registration Process in Armenia

The process of registering a business in Armenia is straightforward and
efficient. Entrepreneurs begin by selecting the legal form of their
business, typically choosing between a limited liability company (LLC)
and private entrepreneurship (PE). PE is not a legal entity but an
individual who registers as a business and obtains a tax ID. PE may
offer advantages over LLC due to the absence of dividend tax and lower
costs for accounting and tax compliance services. However, many opt for
an LLC as it provides limited liability, safeguarding personal assets
from creditors. In the case of PE, liability is not limited by the
assets invested, and the individual is personally responsible for any
liabilities arising from business activities.
Once the legal form is chosen, entrepreneurs need to register their
business with the State Register of Legal Entities. This involves
submitting required documents, such as the company's charter, articles
of association (either prepared independently or using the sample
provided by the State Registry of Legal Entities), proof of address, and
notarized translations of shareholder passports. The registration
process typically takes 1-2 business days, after which the business is
officially recognized and can commence operations.

Requirements for Obtaining Residency through Business Setup

One unique advantage of starting a business in Armenia is the
opportunity to obtain residency through business setup. While the law
does not specify a particular type of business that makes one eligible
for residency application in Armenia, it emphasizes the importance of an
active company with clients/suppliers and a track record of tax payment,
increasing the chances of residency application approval.

Conclusion

Entrepreneurs seeking a promising destination to establish their
business and secure residency should consider Armenia. Explore the
opportunities, benefits, and support systems available in this vibrant
country. Embark on your journey towards a bright future by exploring the
business setup options in Armenia.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

[]

In this comprehensive guide, I will walk you through the steps to secure
your residency in Armenia through investment.

Introduction to Residency by Investment

Residency by investment is a process that allows foreign nationals to
obtain permanent residency in a country by investing in its economy.
This method is gaining popularity among investors looking for new
opportunities and a way to relocate to a new country. Armenia, situated
in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia, does not explicitly provide a
government-endorsed residency by investment program with a specified
minimum investment. Still, the existing legislation allows foreign
nationals, irrespective of the investment amount, the possibility of
obtaining a residency permit through economic contributions to the
country.

Benefits of Obtaining Residency in Armenia

Armenia is a country with a rich culture and history and has a lot to
offer for those seeking a new place to call home. Some of the benefits
of obtaining residency in Armenia include:

-   The ability to live and work in the country without the need for a
    work permit.
-   Access to healthcare and education services.
-   A low cost of living compared to other European countries.
-   A favorable taxation system for individuals and businesses.

Eligibility Requirements for Residency by Investment in Armenia

To be eligible for residency by investment in Armenia, you must meet the
following requirements:

-   Be over 18 years of age.
-   Invest in a new or an existing business.
-   Have a legitimate source of funds for the investment.
-   Be able to support yourself and your family financially.

Types of Investment Options for Obtaining Residency in Armenia

When considering investment-based residency in Armenia, there are a
couple of ways to approach it:

 Investment in Real Estate

Contrary to some misconceptions, purchasing real estate by itself does
not automatically grant one residency in Armenia. There are no explicit
minimum investment requirements tied to real estate. However, if the
purchased property is rented out and taxes are consistently paid on the
rental income, the possibility of acquiring residency becomes
attainable.

 Investment in Business Projects

Investing in either an existing or a new business project is another
route towards residency. Notably, there are no defined minimum
investment thresholds or job creation requirements. The primary goal is
to foster meaningful investment that benefits the Armenian economy.

Step-by-Step Process for Obtaining Residency in Armenia through Investment

The process for obtaining residency in Armenia through investment
involves the following steps:

1.  Choose your investment option: real estate or business.
2.  Gather the required documents
3.  Purchase the property or invest in the business.
4.  Apply for a residency permit at the Immigration Office
5.  Attend an interview
6.  Wait for the approval of your residency permit.

Documents Required for Residency by Investment in Armenia

The documents required for residency by investment in Armenia include:

1.  A valid passport,
2.  A notarized translation of the passport
3.  A copy of the visa (or e-visa) or the entry stamp in your passport
    if you are exempt from visa requirements.
4.  A medical check certificate
5.  Passport-sized photos (3)
6.  Certificate of ownership of share in the business

Advantages and Considerations of Investment-Based Residency in Armenia

Securing residency in Armenia through investment comes with a range of
advantages, but there are also certain factors to bear in mind:
Advantages

-   You can live and work in Armenia without requiring a separate work
    permit.
-   Compared to many European countries, Armenia has a lower cost of
    living.
-   Armenia offers an attractive taxation system for individuals and
    businesses.

Considerations

-   Contrary to some misconceptions, there is no minimum investment
    requirement. The focus is on meaningful contributions that support
    the Armenian economy.
-   Typically, the residence permit is valid for either one or five
    years and requires renewal upon expiration.

Frequently Asked Questions about Residency by Investment in Armenia

Q: Can I apply for citizenship in Armenia after obtaining residency
through investment?
A: Yes, it is possible to apply for Armenian citizenship after holding a
residency permit for three years. However, please be aware that other
criteria may also need to be fulfilled, such as demonstrating knowledge
of the Armenian Constitution through a test. 

Q: Can I invest in multiple properties or businesses for residency
purposes?
A: Absolutely, you have the flexibility to invest in various properties
or businesses in Armenia. It is worth noting, though, there is no
minimum investment threshold you need to reach for residency. Your
investments should be meaningful and contribute to the Armenian economy,
whether that's through rental income from properties or business
revenue.

Q: Who can I bring with me if I obtain residency in Armenia?
A: When you secure residency in Armenia, you're not only making a move
for yourself. The program allows you to bring your family along as well.
This includes not only your spouse but also your children of any age.
Furthermore, your parents, siblings, grandparents, and grandchildren are
also eligible to join you. Their financial dependency on you does not
affect this eligibility.

Tips for a Successful Application for Residency by Investment in Armenia

To increase your chances of a successful application for residency by
investment in Armenia, follow these tips:

-   Work with a reputable immigration lawyer to guide you through the
    process.
-   Research the investment options thoroughly and choose the one that
    best suits your needs.

Conclusion

Obtaining residency in Armenia through investment is a viable option for
those seeking a new place to call home. With a favorable taxation system
and a low cost of living, Armenia offers plenty of benefits for foreign
nationals. By following the steps outlined in this comprehensive guide,
you can secure your residency in Armenia and start a new chapter in your
life.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

[]

Armenia presents an excellent opportunity for foreigners seeking
residency through investment in the country's economy. This
comprehensive guide will provide you with a clear understanding of the
process involved in investing in Armenia for residency.

Introduction to Residency for Investors in Armenia

While Armenia does not offer a formal residency by investment program
like some other countries, its laws provide enough flexibility for
investors to qualify for a 1- or 5-year residence permits. Moreover,
Armenia is one of the most affordable options in the Eurasian region,
making it an appealing choice for those seeking a relatively
cost-effective pathway to residency.
One of the key advantages of investing in Armenia for residency is the
ability to obtain a 5-year permanent residency upfront. Additionally,
the low cost of living in Armenia makes it an attractive option. The
country offers a high standard of living at a fraction of the cost
compared to other European nations, allowing individuals to enjoy a
comfortable lifestyle on a budget.

Types of Investments for Residency

Investing in a new or an existing business is one path to residency in
Armenia. Once a suitable investment opportunity is identified,
registering your rights as a shareholder and applying for a residence
permit becomes a straightforward and swift process.
Another option for investors is real estate. Although simply purchasing
and owning real estate does not qualify for residency, you can transform
the land or property into a profit-generating business, such as renting
it out, and fulfill the tax requirements that technically qualify you
for residency.

Private Initiative for Residency by Investment

As an easy and proven way to get residency by investment is the private
initiative of Vardanyan & Partners law firm. This initiative involves
donating to an existing project, with the donated amount being directed
towards a social entrepreneurship program supporting vulnerable rural
families in Armenia. This approach simplifies the application process
and allows for fully remote applications, catering to individuals who
cannot physically be present.

Steps for Application

The application process for residency by investment in Armenia is
straightforward.
•  Register as a shareholder of the company registered for the program
•  Book an appointment for residency application submission
•  Submit the application at the Migration and Citizenship Service of
the Ministry of Internal Affairs
•  Get the residence permit within approximately two months

Eligibility Criteria for Residency by Investment in Armenia

To be eligible for residency through investment in Armenia, you must be
at least 18 years of age. Additionally, you must possess sufficient
finances to make the required investment.

Comparison with Other Countries

When compared to other European countries, Armenia offers an affordable
pathway to residency. Countries like Latvia and Georgia demand
significantly higher investment amounts for residency, making Armenia an
appealing choice for individuals on a budget. You can refer to the table
below to review the program differences across different countries.

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Latvia          | Georgia         | Our program     |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Investment      | €50,000 in      | $300,000 in     | <$10,000 in an  |
| amount          | equity capital  | real estate     | existing        |
|                 | plus €10,000    | (n              | business        |
|                 | non-refundable  | on-agricultural |                 |
|                 | contribution    | land,           |                 |
|                 |                 | apartment,      |                 |
|                 |                 | commercial      |                 |
|                 |                 | area, etc.)     |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residency       | Equity capital  | Real estate     | Making an       |
| criteria        | investment      | purchase        | investment in   |
|                 |                 |                 | an existing     |
|                 |                 |                 | business        |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Residence       | No minimum      | No minimum      | No minimum      |
| permit          | requirement     | requirement     | requirement     |
| maintenance     |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Citizensip      | Eligible for    | Eligible for    | Eligible for    |
| option          | citizenship     | citizenship     | citizenship     |
|                 | after 5 years   | after 10 years  | after 3 years   |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Conclusion and Final Thoughts

Investing in Armenia for residency is a straightforward process that
comes with a range of benefits. By following the guidelines provided in
this comprehensive guide, you can successfully invest in Armenia for
residency and experience all the wonders this beautiful country has to
offer.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Employment & Work Permits in Armenia Navigating the intricacies of Employment in Armenia

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Employment and Work Permits in Armenia

1

Work Permits for Foreign Employees

Examine the procedure for getting a work permit for foreign employees in
Armenia.

[]

learn more

2

Employment

Investigate procedural aspects of employment, encompassing
considerations such as internal policies, work schedules and
compensation.

[]

learn more

3

Discipline

Explore the regulations for employment termination, disputes as well as
penalties in our dedicated section.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

Work & Residence Questionnaire 2020.01.22

Your name

Your email address *

Your citizenship AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

What services you may be interested in? *

Work Permit

Visa or Residence Permit

Employee Relocation

Business Registration

Employer of Record

OtherOther

What are your expectations from our firm?

Your questions and comments:

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Submit

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Work Permits for Foreign Employees

In Armenia, holding a valid visa alone does not grant the right to work
unless accompanied by a work permit. However, certain categories of
foreign workers, such as highly skilled specialists, business owners,
and executives, are exempt from the work permit requirement. Work
permits are typically issued for the duration of an employment contract,
up to a maximum of one year.

[]

Exemptions

Work permit requirements do not apply to the following groups of foreign
nationals:

1.  Permanent or Special Residency Permit Holders: Those with permanent
    or special residency permits in Armenia are exempt from work permit
    requirements.
2.  Temporary Residency Permit Holders: Foreign nationals holding
    temporary residency permits are exempt if the permit is based on
    being a family member of a citizen or another residency permit
    holder, being a student, or being an ethnic Armenian.
3.  Business Owners and Executives: Founders and executive directors of
    commercial organizations with foreign investment are exempt.
4.  Representative Offices: Foreigners employed in representative
    offices of foreign companies are exempt.
5.  Foreign Specialists: Those employed to install or repair machinery
    and equipment purchased from foreign companies or to train local
    staff are exempt.
6.  Vocational Degree Holders: Holders of certain vocational degrees
    related to agriculture and technology are exempt.
7.  Academic and Scientific Degrees: Individuals with scientific degrees
    or specific higher education degrees are exempt.
8.  Diplomatic Staff Family Members: Family members of diplomatic staff
    are exempt.
9.  Sports and Culture: Short-term workers in sports and culture fields
    are exempt.
10. Educational Workers: Lecturers, educational workers, and educational
    institution managers invited to Armenia are exempt.
11. Media Representatives: Accredited representatives of foreign media
    organizations are exempt.
12. Refugees and Asylum Seekers: Refugees and those seeking asylum are
    exempt.
13. Students: Foreign students during their studies and for up to one
    year after graduation are exempt.
14. International Agreements: Foreigners arriving in Armenia under
    international agreements are exempt.
15. EAEU Citizens: Citizens of EAEU countries (Russia, Belarus,
    Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan) are exempt under international
    agreements.
16. Emergency Situations: Foreigners arriving to assist with natural
    disasters, accidents, epidemics, and other emergencies are exempt.
17. Law Enforcement Cooperation: Investigators cooperating with Armenian
    law enforcement agencies are exempt.
18. Professional Athletes: Professional athletes are exempt.
19. Special Category Victims: Special category victims are exempt.
20. Convicts and Detainees: Convicts, detainees, and those on probation
    are exempt.
21. Ethnic Armenians: Ethnic Armenians may be exempted in
    life-threatening emergency situations in their home countries.

Employees retained by foreign companies (remaining on the foreign
entity's payroll) are generally exempt from work permit requirements.

[]

Application process

Unless exempt, employers must apply for a work and a residence permit on
behalf of foreign employees. The process involves assessing the Armenian
job market to determine if qualified Armenian workers are available. The
employer may be required to interview Armenian candidates referred by
the Migration Service. If no suitable candidates are found, the employer
can apply for a work permit for a specific foreign worker, allowing them
to commence work in Armenia.

[]

documents, timeline and costs

The issuance of a work and temporary residence permit typically takes
approximately 2 months. Government fee for obtaining a work and a
temporary residence permit is AMD 105,000 (approximately USD 271).

The following documents must be submitted by the employer to the
Migration Service:

-   Completed application form
-   Employee's passport
-   Two passport-sized photographs (3x4 cm)
-   Proof of payment for government fees
-   Education or qualification documents with consular legalization or
    Apostille (if available)

[]

Penalties

Failure to obtain a work permit or residence permit may result in fines
ranging from AMD 100,000 to 150,000 (approximately USD 258 to 387).
Overstaying a visa or violating immigration status may incur fines
ranging from AMD 50,000 to 100,000 (approximately USD 129 to 258).
If, after obtaining a work permit, the employer fails to provide the
position for which the permit was obtained, they may be responsible for
covering the return travel costs, living expenses, and personal property
transportation expenses for the employee and accompanying family
members.

[]

Employment

An employment agreement in Armenia is a crucial document that outlines
the terms and conditions of employment. Here are key points to consider
when drafting such an agreement:

1. Written Form: The employment agreement must be in writing and
provided in duplicate—one copy for the employee and one for the
employer. It should adhere to all labor laws and regulations, ensuring
that the employee's rights are not restricted. Any regulatory
improvements benefiting the employee should be promptly incorporated
into the agreement.

2. Essential Information: The agreement should include the following
essential information:

-   Date of signature
-   Place of signature
-   Full names of both parties (employer and employee)
-   Employee's ID document number and social security number
-   Position or job description, outlining duties and responsibilities
-   Workplace location
-   Department or unit
-   Agreement term (fixed or indefinite, temporary, etc.)
-   Start and end dates (if applicable)
-   Probation period (if any, typically not exceeding 3 months)
-   Salary, bonuses, and other forms of compensation
-   Working hours
-   Annual leave entitlement
-   Disclosure of concurrent employment with another employer

3. Special Terms for Foreign Employees: If the employment agreement
pertains to foreign employees working under a work permit, additional
terms may include:

-   Transportation to and from Armenia
-   Accommodation
-   Insurance and social assistance
-   Address registration

4. Registration: The employer is responsible for electronically
registering the newly hired employee with the tax office on the first
day of work. All processes related to the employee (hiring, termination,
etc.) must be documented through internal acts, such as orders or
decrees.

5. Fixed-Term vs. Indefinite-Term Agreements: Employment agreements can
be for a fixed term or indefinite term. Normally, agreements are
indefinite, while fixed-term agreements are permissible under specific
conditions, including seasonal work, temporary work up to two months,
temporary replacement of another employee, hiring foreign workers with
work or residence permits, or employing individuals who have reached
retirement age. If extended or renewed within one month, a fixed-term
agreement may be presumed to convert into an indefinite one, except when
the nature of the work dictates otherwise.

6. Restrictive Covenants: The enforceability of restrictive covenants,
such as non-compete and non-solicitation clauses, in Armenia is not
clear. Courts have upheld such restrictions for independent contractors,
and they may be enforceable against employees if reasonably necessary to
protect the employer's business interests.

7. Personal Data and Privacy: Collection and processing of employee
personal data require the employee's express written consent. If video
surveillance is employed, it is advisable to adopt a formal policy
explaining the legitimate need for such surveillance and include an
express provision in the employment agreement.

8. Volunteer Work and Apprenticeship: Volunteer work is not extensively
regulated in Armenia, except for certain provisions in charity and
public association laws. Volunteers enter into agreements for volunteer
work and are not subject to work permit requirements. Apprenticeships,
lasting up to six months, are allowed under the Labor Code, and
apprentices should be paid at least the minimum salary.

[]

EMPLOYER'S INTERNAL RULES AND POLICIES

According to the Labor Code in Armenia, employers are obligated to
establish various internal rules and policies to govern employment
practices and ensure the well-being of employees. These internal rules
and policies include:

1. Anti-Discrimination Policy: This policy must encompass the hiring
(recruitment) process and guarantee equal pay for both men and women.
It's designed to prevent discrimination based on various factors (Art.
3.1 and 180).

2. Work and Rest Schedules: Employers must define work and rest (shift)
schedules, including guidelines for handling overtime and on-call work,
lunch breaks, additional and special breaks. This ensures that
employees' working hours and rest periods are clearly outlined (Art. 5,
142, 144(5), 152, 153, 218).

3. Essential Rights and Obligations: Employers must document the
essential rights and obligations of both employers and employees, along
with the consequences of non-compliance (Art. 218).

4. Annual Leave Policy: Policies regarding annual leave, including
eligibility and entitlements, should be clearly detailed (Art. 159(3)).

5. Hiring and Firing Rules: Employers should establish rules governing
the hiring and termination of employees, including recruitment
procedures (Art. 86, 218).

6. Disciplinary Rules: These rules lay out the disciplinary procedures
for addressing employee misconduct (Art. 5, 218).

7. Employee Qualification: Policies related to employee qualification,
training, and development (Art. 88).

8. Rewards and Incentives: Guidelines for employee rewards and
incentives (Art. 178, 218).

9. Work Safety and Fire Safety: Policies addressing workplace safety and
fire safety, including safety equipment and procedures (Art. 217, 248).

10. Employee Health and Safety: Measures for ensuring employee health
and safety, including medical checks (Art. 248, 249, 253, 258).

11. Emergency Action Plan: Plans for responding to emergencies and
ensuring the safety of employees (Art. 250).

12. Internal Investigations: Procedures for conducting internal
investigations, particularly in cases of employee misconduct (Art. 261).

13. Personal Data Collection and Processing: Policies governing the
collection and processing of employee personal data (Art. 132, 134).

14. Record-Keeping and Document Archiving: Requirements for maintaining
records and archiving documents relevant to employment (Art. 5, 89, 142,
261).

It is the responsibility of employers to inform employees about all
internal policies, including disciplinary rules, working conditions,
work safety, and fire safety regulations.

Safety and Health: The Labor Code mandates several safety and health
requirements:

-   Providing normal working conditions, including proper equipment,
    technical documentation, materials, and energy supply, along with
    adherence to technical safety rules and environmental conditions.
-   Establishing an evacuation plan, conducting safety training and
    instruction, and providing collective and individual protective
    measures and first aid facilities.
-   Ensuring employees have access to safe and comfortable equipment
    with technical documentation and sanitary rooms.
-   Providing employees with information regarding health-related plans,
    data, and analyses.

If employees work with chemicals, employers must meet specific
requirements regarding labeling, employee training, measuring equipment,
alert systems, and collective protection systems.

In cases requiring medical checks (e.g., for minors, night shift
workers), employers must have agreements with medical institutions.
Pregnant women are entitled to additional time off for medical checks,
with a list of prohibited tasks for minors and pregnant women
established by government decree.

[]

WORK SCHEDULE

Work Week Duration in Armenia

In Armenia, the regular work week consists of five working days,
typically from Monday to Friday. However, employers have the option to
implement a six-day work week, which usually spans from Monday to
Saturday. If business operations necessitate work during weekends,
employees are entitled to an alternative day off in exchange. Regardless
of whether the employer chooses a five-day or six-day work week, the
duration of work per week should not exceed 40 hours.

There are circumstances where a shorter work week may be mandated by
law, such as for minors or in conditions deemed hazardous.
Alternatively, a shorter work week can be agreed upon by both the
employer and the employee, often seen in part-time work arrangements.

In cases of concurrent employment with two different employers or
holding two positions under the same employer, the maximum daily work
duration should not exceed 12 hours. However, some exceptions apply,
especially for employees in educational and medical institutions, as
well as energy suppliers, where extended shifts (up to 24 hours) are
permitted, subject to specific regulations.

Overtime and On-Call Work

Overtime work in Armenia is only allowed under specific circumstances.
These circumstances include emergencies, natural disasters, or
situations where discontinuing work could result in significant
financial losses for the employer or a breach of contractual
obligations. Furthermore, overtime must be carried out with the written
consent of the employee.

Overtime hours should not exceed 4 hours within a two-day period or 180
hours annually. When considering both regular and overtime hours, the
total daily work duration should not exceed 12 hours, and the weekly
limit should not surpass 48 hours. Notably, managerial roles are exempt
from these overtime restrictions.

Special provisions exist for overtime and night shifts concerning minors
and pregnant women to safeguard their well-being.

Employees may be required to work on their designated days off or
outside standard working hours, a practice known as on-call work.
However, such on-call work should not occur more than once a week and
should be limited to 8 hours daily. In cases where on-call work exceeds
these limits, employees have the right to request compensatory time-off
during the following month, additional annual leave, or appropriate
financial compensation.

Internal Rules and Record-Keeping

Employers are responsible for establishing internal rules that outline
work and rest schedules, rules for overtime and on-call work, lunch
breaks, and other relevant policies. Additionally, they must maintain
detailed records of employee attendance to ensure compliance with labor
regulations. 

[]

VACATION AND LEAVES

Annual Leave in Armenia

Employees in Armenia are entitled to an annual leave lasting for 20
working days. If the employer implements a six-day working week, this
entitlement extends to 24 working days. Certain categories of workers,
such as those engaged in hazardous or stressful roles, may be eligible
for extended or additional holidays.

The annual leave can be taken in parts, but at least one portion of it
should consist of a minimum of 10 working days. Typically, employees
become eligible for annual leave after completing six months of
employment. Some workers may have the flexibility to choose the timing
of their annual leave. Any unused annual leave can be carried over to
the following years but must be used within 18 months. Generally, it is
not allowed to receive monetary compensation in lieu of taking the
annual leave. An exception exists when the employment relationship is
terminated, at which point compensation for any unused leave must be
provided.

Maternity Leave

Maternity leave in Armenia spans 140 days, with 70 days allocated before
the child's birth and the remaining 70 days following delivery. Mothers
have the option to take unpaid maternity leave for up to three years
after their child's birth while retaining their position in the
workplace.

Lunch Break and Rest Between Shifts

Employees are entitled to a lunch break after completing half of their
daily working hours but no later than after 4 hours of work. The
duration of the lunch break is determined by the employer but should not
be less than 30 minutes or exceed 2 hours. Specific legal requirements
mandate additional breaks for various groups, including minors, nursing
mothers, workers exposed to extreme temperatures, and those engaged in
hazardous or stressful work.

There should be a minimum of 11 hours of rest between two working days
(shifts). Additionally, the standard weekend rest, covering Saturday and
Sunday, should generally be no less than 35 hours.

Special Leaves

Apart from annual and maternity leave, the Labor Code of Armenia
provides for several other types of leave:

-   Special leave for students to prepare for exams.
-   Special leave for disabled employees or those caring for disabled
    individuals, not exceeding 30 days per year.
-   Unpaid leave of up to two months for the spouse of a parent on
    maternity leave.
-   Leave related to marriage, consisting of three working days.
-   Bereavement leave in the event of the death of a family member,
    which should be at least three days.

Public Holidays

Armenia observes several public holidays when employees are not required
to work. These public holidays include:

-   January 1-2 (New Year's Day)
-   January 6 (Christmas Day)
-   January 28 (Army Day)
-   March 8 (International Women's Day)
-   April 24 (Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day)
-   May 1 (International Workers' Day)
-   May 9 (Victory and Peace Day)
-   May 28 (Republic Day)
-   July 5 (Constitution Day)
-   September 21 (Independence Day)
-   December 31 (New Year's Day)

[]

COMPENSATION

Minimum Salary in Armenia

Effective as of 2023, the minimum monthly salary in Armenia is AMD
75,000 ($194). When considering hourly wages, the rates are as follows
for different workweek durations:

-   For a 40-hour workweek: AMD 406 ($1.05) per hour
-   For a 36-hour workweek: AMD 454 ($1.17) per hour
-   For a 24-hour workweek: AMD 680 ($1.76) per hour

These figures represent net (after-tax) amounts. Employers are
responsible for grossing up these amounts to cover taxes. Therefore, the
minimum gross (before-tax) salary for full-time employment, which
includes the net salary, the 20% income tax, the 5% social payment, and
the flat military tax, is AMD 104,000 ($268).

Overtime and Premium Payments

Salaries and wages in Armenia must be paid through bank transfers, with
the deadline for payment being the 15th of the following month.
Employers who fail to make timely payments are subject to a daily
interest penalty of 0.15%. Employers can opt to make advance payments if
they choose to do so.

Employees are entitled to enhanced compensation under various
circumstances:

-   Overtime work: An additional 50% premium.
-   Night shifts (from 10 PM to 6 AM): An additional 30% premium.
-   Working on public holidays and other non-working days: Either an
    additional 100% premium or an extra day off.
-   Engaging in hard or hazardous work (as specified in specific
    decrees): An additional 30% premium.
-   Undertaking extremely hard or perilous tasks (as outlined in
    particular decrees): An additional 50% premium.

Business trip allowances are required to meet or exceed the minimum
thresholds set by the government. These allowances take into account
various expenses related to the trip, including daily stipends,
accommodation costs, travel fares, visa expenses, telecommunication
charges, and other similar expenses. Similar compensation standards
apply to fieldwork assignments.

Employees planning to take annual leave should receive their average
salary payment at least three days before their scheduled departure.

[]

LIABILITY

Employer Liability in Armenia

Employers in Armenia generally bear liability for work-related injuries,
including occupational illnesses, sustained by their employees.
Compensation for such injuries is determined following the standard
rules outlined in the Civil Code. Typically, this compensation covers
lost earnings and expenses related to medical treatment, which may
include medication, prosthetics, nursing care, supplemental nutrition,
and other related costs. In cases where the injury results in the death
of the employee, the employer is responsible for funeral expenses and
providing compensation to the deceased employee's family members,
particularly those who were dependent on the deceased. However, it's
important to note that punitive damages and moral damages are not
typically awarded in Armenia. Furthermore, Armenia does not mandate
worker's compensation or similar insurance schemes.

Employers are also generally held responsible for any damages caused by
their employees (and sometimes even individual contractors) when such
damage occurs during the performance of the employee's work duties, a
concept known as vicarious liability. Employers who compensate for
damages typically have the right to pursue a recourse claim against the
responsible employee.

Employee Liability

Employees in Armenia may be held liable for any damage, including lost
profits, resulting from the destruction, neglect, mishandling, or other
forms of damage to their employer's property. They may also be held
liable for intentionally committed offenses. However, there are certain
limitations to employee liability:

1.  Limitation of Liability: As a general rule, an employee's liability
    is limited to triple the amount of their average monthly salary.
    This limitation does not apply in cases of damages caused
    intentionally, as a result of a criminal offense, or due to the loss
    of tools, materials, or equipment, or if the damage was caused under
    the influence of alcohol or drugs.

2.  Agreement on Full Material Liability: An employee may be held fully
    liable if they voluntarily sign an agreement on full material
    liability. Such an agreement should be in compliance with the Labor
    Code.

3.  Withholding from Salary: If the employer decides to withhold amounts
    owed by the employee due to damages, they must notify the employee
    of this decision within one month after the damages are detected.
    The withholding should not exceed 50% of the employee's monthly
    salary, and the remaining amount should not fall below the minimum
    salary mandated by law.

[]

DISCRIMINATION & DISABILITY

Armenia upholds a strong commitment to equal pay and anti-discrimination
laws. The following key principles and regulations are in place to
ensure equal treatment and non-discrimination in the workplace:

1.  Equal Pay for Men and Women: Men and women are entitled to equal pay
    for the same type of work. It is strictly prohibited to compensate
    men and women differently when they perform the same job.
2.  Prohibition of Discrimination: Armenian law prohibits discrimination
    based on various factors, including sex, age, disability, race,
    color, ethnic or social origin, genetic features, language,
    religion, worldview, political or other views, nationality,
    financial status, birth, or other personal and social circumstances.
    This prohibition extends to situations such as pregnancy.
3.  Legitimate Justification: Any less favorable treatment of employees
    must be justified by a legitimate goal. Moreover, the means employed
    to achieve that goal must be deemed necessary and proportional.
4.  Employment of Workers with Disabilities: Employers with more than
    100 employees are required to allocate at least 1% of their
    positions to workers with disabilities. Alternatively, they must
    make annual contributions of AMD 300,000 (approximately $776) for
    each such position to a special government fund.

[]

Discipline

In Armenia, employers have the authority to apply specific disciplinary
measures when employees fail to meet expected standards of behavior or
performance. These measures are designed to maintain order and
discipline in the workplace. Here are the key disciplinary measures and
procedures in Armenia:

1.  Warning: An employer can issue a written warning to an employee who
    has violated workplace rules or standards. This warning serves as an
    official notice of the issue and informs the employee that further
    violations may result in more severe disciplinary actions.

2.  Strict Warning: In cases of more serious or repeated violations, an
    employer can issue a strict warning. This is a stronger form of
    disciplinary action and signals the employer's concern about the
    employee's behavior or performance.

3.  Termination of Employment: In the most severe cases, where an
    employee's actions or conduct seriously undermine the employment
    relationship or company interests, the employer may terminate the
    employee's employment contract. Termination should be considered a
    last resort and should be supported by valid reasons.

[]

Disciplinary Procedure

Before imposing any disciplinary measure, the employer is required to
follow specific procedures:

1.  Offer for Explanations: The employer must offer the employee the
    opportunity to submit written explanations regarding the incident or
    violation. This step allows the employee to provide their
    perspective on the matter.

2.  Consideration of Explanations: The employer is obligated to
    thoroughly consider the employee's written explanations, along with
    all other relevant circumstances related to the incident or
    violation.

3.  Written Decision: If, after considering the explanations and
    circumstances, the employer determines that disciplinary action is
    warranted, they must issue a written decision. This decision should
    clearly outline the reasons for the disciplinary measure and specify
    whether it is a warning, strict warning, or termination of
    employment.

4.  Timing: The written decision regarding disciplinary action should be
    made within one month from the detection of the action or inaction
    that led to the incident. In general, this decision should not be
    delayed beyond six months after the initial incident or violation.

[]

TERMINATION

Terminating employment in Armenia involves specific procedures and
conditions based on the type of employment agreement and the party
initiating the termination.

Termination by Mutual Agreement: Employment can be terminated by mutual
agreement between the employer and the employee. The party receiving the
termination offer has seven days to accept or reject it. Inaction within
this period is considered a rejection. Termination must be documented in
a formal agreement specifying the terms and conditions, including the
end date and compensation.

Termination of Fixed-Term Employment: Fixed-term employment agreements
end on the specified date. Either party must provide at least a 10-day
advance notice to terminate the agreement. If the employee fails to
report to work on the day following the end date, employment is
considered terminated. If employment continues beyond the end date
without a new agreement, it automatically converts into an
indefinite-term agreement.

Employee's Unilateral Termination: An employee can unilaterally
terminate their employment agreement (fixed-term or indefinite-term) by
giving a 30-day notice. A five-day notice is sufficient in cases of the
employee's illness or disability that makes employment impossible or if
the employer violates laws or agreement terms. The Labor Code includes a
"cooling-off" period of three business days during which the employee
can withdraw the termination notice.

Termination by the Employer for Indefinite-Term Employment: Employers
can initiate termination for indefinite-term employment if legal grounds
for termination exist (see table below).

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Legal Basis for |                 | Advance Notice  | Severance Pay   |
| Termination     |                 |                 |                 |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Dissolution of  |                 | Two months      | One month's     |
| the Company     |                 |                 | wages           |
| (Employer)      |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Layoffs caused  |                 |                 |                 |
| by "production  |                 |                 |                 |
| necessity"      |                 |                 |                 |
| (i.e. urgent    |                 |                 |                 |
| and             |                 |                 |                 |
| unpredictable   |                 |                 |                 |
| circumstances)  |                 |                 |                 |
| or changes      |                 |                 |                 |
| in 1) volumes   |                 |                 |                 |
| of production;  |                 |                 |                 |
| 2) economic     |                 |                 |                 |
| conditions; 3)  |                 |                 |                 |
| technological   |                 |                 |                 |
| conditions; 4)  |                 |                 |                 |
| conditions of   |                 |                 |                 |
| labor           |                 |                 |                 |
| organization    |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Employee does   | Employment      |                 |                 |
| not meet the    | duration:       |                 |                 |
| requirements    |                 |                 |                 |
| for the         |                 |                 |                 |
| position to be  |                 |                 |                 |
| held or the     |                 |                 |                 |
| work to be      |                 |                 |                 |
| performed (due  |                 |                 |                 |
| to health       |                 |                 |                 |
| issues or       |                 |                 |                 |
| incompetence)   |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
| Long-term       |                 |                 |                 |
| disability of   |                 |                 |                 |
| the employee    |                 |                 |                 |
| (120            |                 |                 |                 |
| consecutive     |                 |                 |                 |
| days or 140     |                 |                 |                 |
| days in a year) |                 |                 |                 |
|                 |                 |                 |                 |
| Employee        |                 |                 |                 |
| reaching the    |                 |                 |                 |
| age of          |                 |                 |                 |
| retirement (63  |                 |                 |                 |
| or 65 years),   |                 |                 |                 |
| if provided by  |                 |                 |                 |
| employment      |                 |                 |                 |
| agreement       |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Less than 1     | 14 days         | 10 days' wages  |
|                 | year            |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | One to five     | 35 days         | 25 days' wages  |
|                 | years           |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Five to ten     | 42 days         | 30 days' wages  |
|                 | years           |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | Ten to fifteen  | 49 days         | 35 days' wages  |
|                 | years           |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
|                 | More than       | 60 days         | 44 day's wages  |
|                 | fifteen years   |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Regular failure |                 | N/A             | N/A             |
| by employee to  |                 |                 |                 |
| perform his/her |                 |                 |                 |
| duties without  |                 |                 |                 |
| a valid reason  |                 |                 |                 |
| (two            |                 |                 |                 |
| disciplinary    |                 |                 |                 |
| measures in the |                 |                 |                 |
| past)           |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Loss of         |                 |                 |                 |
| confidence in   |                 |                 |                 |
| the employee    |                 |                 |                 |
| (material       |                 |                 |                 |
| damage,         |                 |                 |                 |
| disclosure of   |                 |                 |                 |
| secrets)        |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Employee        |                 |                 |                 |
| reports to work |                 |                 |                 |
| under influence |                 |                 |                 |
| of alcohol or   |                 |                 |                 |
| drugs           |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Employee's      |                 |                 |                 |
| absence from    |                 |                 |                 |
| work for a      |                 |                 |                 |
| whole working   |                 |                 |                 |
| day (shift),    |                 |                 |                 |
| without a valid |                 |                 |                 |
| reason          |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Employee's      |                 |                 |                 |
| refusal to      |                 |                 |                 |
| undergo         |                 |                 |                 |
| compulsory      |                 |                 |                 |
| medical         |                 |                 |                 |
| examination     |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Termination Due to Economic Conditions or Employee's Inability to Meet
Requirements: In cases where employment is terminated due to economic
conditions or the employee's inability to meet job requirements,
termination is possible if the employer offers the employee another
position that aligns with their abilities, qualifications, and health.
However, this requirement does not apply if the employer cannot provide
an alternative position. Additionally, termination is generally not
allowed if the employee is on annual leave, temporary disability leave
(sick leave), pregnant, or on strike.

Termination Due to Changes in Essential Terms: An employer can terminate
the employment agreement if it offers to change essential terms of the
agreement, such as those related to production volumes, economic
conditions, technological conditions, or labor organization. The
employer must provide advance notice of these changes, and if the
employee rejects the new terms, the agreement can be terminated.

Mass Layoffs: In cases of "mass layoffs," defined as the termination of
more than 20% of the total number of employees (with a minimum of 10
employees), the employer is required to provide a two-month notice to
the Employment Agency.

Probation Period Termination: During the probation period, either party
can terminate the employment agreement with at least a 3-day notice.

Other Termination Scenarios: Employment agreements may also come to an
end if:

1.  The employee is conscripted for military service.
2.  The employee passes away.
3.  The employee is sentenced to a penalty that is incompatible with
    employment.
4.  The employee committed misrepresentation during the hiring process.

[]

Disputes

In Armenia, labor disputes are typically handled through legal processes
and can be brought before the courts of general competence. Here are key
aspects of resolving labor disputes in Armenia:

1.  Court Proceedings: Labor disputes are usually addressed in the
    general courts. For cases involving employment agreement
    termination, amendments, or disciplinary measures, expedited
    proceedings lasting up to three months may apply.

2.  Arbitration: An arbitration clause can be included in the employment
    agreement, allowing disputes to be resolved through arbitration.
    However, the employee still has the option to choose the court for
    dispute resolution unless they agreed to arbitration after the
    dispute arose.

3.  Mediation: Mediation of labor disputes can also be provided with the
    assistance of a certified mediator. In some cases, the court may
    mandate mediation sessions to attempt to reach a resolution.

4.  Statute of Limitations: There is a general three-year statute of
    limitations for labor dispute claims. However, certain exceptions
    apply:

    -   The statute of limitations does not apply to claims for unpaid
        wages, protection of employee's honor and dignity, as well as
        compensation for wrongful death or personal injury.
    -   Claims challenging termination of employment have a shorter
        two-month statute of limitations.
    -   A one-year statute of limitations exists for individuals to
        claim that their work relationship qualifies as "employment."

[]

ENFORCEMENT AND PENALTIES

In Armenia, the enforcement of labor law regulations is overseen by the
Health and Labor Inspection Service. This government agency plays a
crucial role in ensuring compliance with labor laws and regulations.
Here are some key points regarding the enforcement of labor law
regulations in Armenia:

1.  Administrative Offenses: Failure to comply with labor regulations is
    considered an administrative offense. The consequences of such
    offenses typically include warnings or fines. For example, fines of
    AMD 50,000 ($129) may be imposed for various violations, such as
    hiring employees without checking their passport/ID card or military
    records, employing undocumented workers, involving minors, pregnant
    women, or nursing mothers in unauthorized work, failing to conduct
    required medical checks, violating work safety rules, interfering
    with workers' representatives' activities, or engaging in
    discrimination or retaliation against employees participating in a
    strike.
2.  Criminal Penalties: In certain serious cases, criminal penalties,
    including fines and imprisonment, may be applied. For instance:
    -   Dismissing an employee who is pregnant or has a child under
        three years of age without a valid reason can lead to criminal
        penalties.
    -   Individuals responsible for violating work safety rules that
        result in serious injury, occupational disease, or death may
        also face criminal penalties.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military
Service

[]

1. Investments in Armenia: Term Deposits and Bond Opportunities
Armenia's Economic Performance in 2023:
• GDP Growth: The economy is expected to grow by an impressive 7%.
• Inflation Rate: Maintained at a moderate level of 2%.
• Currency Fluctuations: The Armenian Dram (AMD) experienced a
depreciation of 2.85%, with the exchange rate moving from 393.57 for 1
USD on January 1st to 404.79 on December 31st, 2023.
Term Deposit Rates in Armenian Dram (AMD) and U.S. Dollars (USD):
AMD Term Deposits:
• Fastbank: 11%
• Evocabank: 10.75%
• Byblos Bank: 10.75%
• Araratbank: 10.25%
• AMIO: 10.2%
USD Term Deposits:
• Evocabank: 5.25%
• Artsakhbank: 5%
• Byblos Bank: 4.75%
• Fast Bank: 4.5%
• Araratbank: 4.5%
Interest Rates on Bonds Issued by Armenian Banks:
AMD Bonds:
• Armswissbank: 10.65%
• Evocabank: 10.6%
• Armeconombank: 10.55%
• Unibank: 10.35%
• Inecobank: 10.3%
USD Bonds:
• Fastbank: 5.71%
• Armeconombank: 4.95%
• Unibank: 4.9%
• Araratbank: 4.8%
• ACBA Bank: 4.77%
Government Bonds in AMD:
• Current yields are as high as 10.8%, presenting another attractive
investment avenue.
Tax Considerations:
• For term deposits, a 10% tax on interest income is withheld at the
time of payment.
• Notably, interest income on bonds is generally not subject to the 10%
withholding tax, making them a potentially more tax-efficient investment
option.
Deposit Insurance Scheme in Armenia:
• Armenia has a robust deposit insurance scheme in place since 2003,
providing a safety net for investors.
• Deposits in AMD are insured for a maximum amount of AMD 16 million
(around $40,000), while deposits in foreign currency are covered up to
AMD 7 million (around $17,000).
• Notably, this insurance system has not been tested in practice, as
there have been no bank runs to date.
Practical Considerations for Foreign Investors:
• No legal restrictions exist for foreigners in making term deposits or
purchasing bonds.
• Banks may require proof of ties to Armenia, like a residence permit,
due to anti-money laundering policies.
Legislative Amendments to Armenia's Law on Military Service:
Recent amendments to Armenia's Law on Military Service, effective from
February 12, 2024, introduce significant considerations for male
citizens aged 27-37 aiming to acquire Armenian citizenship post-27.
Key Points of the Amended Law:
• Eligibility: The law applies to male individuals aged 27-37 who become
Armenian citizens post-27 and have either not completed military service
or have completed less than 12 months of service or have completed less
than 18 months of alternative military service in a foreign country
prior to • acquiring Armenian citizenship.
• Mandatory Service: There is now a requirement to complete a 12-month
mandatory military service period or an alternative service.
• Opt-Out Payment Option: Individuals may choose to opt out of this
mandatory service by contributing AMD 2,500,000 (approximately USD
6,200).
Regarding Retroactive Effect:
The Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Armenia has clarified, in
response to our formal inquiry, that this law does not have retroactive
effect.
Options for Citizens Who Evaded Military Service Before Age 27:
These amendments also address male citizens who were Armenian nationals
before turning 27 and have illegally evaded military service. The law
now offers the following options for legalizing their status:
Full 24-Month Enlistment.
• 12-Month Service plus AMD 2,500,000 (approximately USD 6,200) Payment.
• 6-Month Service plus AMD 5,000,000 (approximately USD 12,400) Payment.
• 1-Month Service plus AMD 8,000,000 (approximately USD 19,900) Payment.
• Complete Exemption: Achievable through a contribution of AMD
15,000,000 (approximately USD 37,000).

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Free Economic Zones (FEZs) have become an increasingly popular concept
in the global economy. In this article, we will explore the benefits and
opportunities of free economic zones in Armenia.

[]

What are Free Economic Zones in Armenia and what are the Benefits of these Zones?

Free Economic Zones in Armenia are designated areas that provide
attractive incentives and advantages to both local and foreign
investors. These zones are purposefully designed to create a favorable
business environment, featuring streamlined regulations, tax benefits,
and robust infrastructure support. The primary goal of establishing
these zones is to stimulate economic growth, attract foreign direct
investment, and foster innovation and technology transfer.
Investing in free economic zones in Armenia presents numerous benefits
that make them an appealing choice for businesses. A key advantage lies
in the favorable tax regime. Companies operating within these zones can
benefit from tax exemptions or reduced rates on corporate income tax,
value-added tax, and customs duties. This tax relief significantly
reduces the overall tax burden and enhances profitability.
Currently, Armenia has four free economic zones: Meghri, Ecos, Meridian,
and Alliance. Each zone caters to different industries and sectors,
providing distinct investment opportunities.

Overview of the Free Economic Zones in Armenia - Meghri, Ecos, Meridian, and Alliance

Meghri Free Economic Zone
Situated in the southern part of Armenia, Meghri Free Economic Zone
offers a conducive business environment for companies involved in
agriculture, manufacturing, electricity supply, trade, transportation
and economy storage, professional and technical activities, culture,
tourism, entertainment, and recreation. The zone's advantageous
proximity to neighboring countries makes it an ideal location for
cross-border trade. Additionally, its picturesque landscapes and rich
cultural heritage open up unique investment prospects in the tourism
sector, such as hotel development, ecotourism, and cultural tourism.
Key investment opportunities in Meghri FEZ include agriculture and food
processing due to the fertile soil and favorable climate, making it
suitable for cultivating fruits, vegetables, and wine grapes. Investment
prospects also extend to establishing fruit and vegetable processing
plants, wineries, and agro-tourism ventures. Furthermore, the region's
cultural heritage offers potential for investment in tourism
infrastructure and services.
Ecos Free Economic Zone
Located in the city of Hrazdan, Ecos Free Economic Zone focuses on
high-tech industries, information technology, and software development.
With a strong emphasis on innovation, Ecos provides an ecosystem that
supports research and development activities. Boasting access to a
highly skilled workforce and modern infrastructure, Ecos Free Economic
Zone offers exceptional investment opportunities for technology-driven
companies.
Ecos FEZ caters to four main categories:
•  New digital technologies: blockchain, artificial intelligence
•  Information technology, software
•  Development and production of technological solutions
•  Other advanced and science-intensive technologies
FEZ residents in Ecos enjoy various advantages, including exemption from
all currency restrictions, the right to repatriate investment capital,
profits, and dividends, and relief from income tax, VAT, import and
export customs duties, and taxes on property and real estate.
Meridian Free Economic Zone
Located in the capital city of Yerevan, Meridian Free Economic Zone
specializes in infrastructures for jewelry, diamond cutting, and
watchmaking manufacturing companies. The zone offers access to a skilled
workforce and cost advantages, making it an attractive destination for
companies looking to expand their manufacturing capabilities in these
industries.
Companies registered in Meridian FEZ benefit from exemption of customs
duties, VAT, profit tax, corporate income tax, and property tax. They
also have the opportunity for free repatriation of capital, profits, and
dividends, and can operate with any foreign currency. Armenia's free
trade agreements with CIS member countries, access to a market of 300
million people, GSP+ trade regime with EU countries, and GSP trade
regime with the USA, Canada, Switzerland, Japan, and Norway further
enhance the zone's appeal.
Alliance Free Economic Zone
Situated in Yerevan, Alliance Free Economic Zone focuses on industries
such as precision engineering, electronics, and alternative energy. The
zone is known for its advanced infrastructure and logistics
capabilities, making it an attractive location for companies engaged in
manufacturing and export-oriented industries. With access to a skilled
workforce, Alliance FEZ presents an ideal environment for companies in
these sectors.
FEZ residents in Alliance enjoy several benefits, including exemption
from income tax, VAT, customs duties, and dividend taxes, as well as
real estate and property taxes. Furthermore, they are not subjected to
comprehensive income tax on employee salaries and are exempt from all
currency restrictions. Similar to other zones, residents have the right
to repatriate investment capital, profits, and dividends.
Residents also have the opportunity to minimize export and import
customs duties, access available skilled labor, hire foreign personnel
without restrictions, and conduct business with minimal administrative
barriers through simplified procedures such as "one-stop shop" services
and on-the-spot customs clearance within the FEZ territory.

How to Establish a Business in a Free Economic Zone in Armenia

Establishing a business in a free economic zone in Armenia involves
several steps. Interested investors must first choose the desired free
economic zone based on their industry and sector of operation. Next,
they should prepare a comprehensive business plan and submit it to the
relevant authorities. This plan should outline proposed activities,
investment amounts, and expected benefits. Upon approval of the business
plan, investors can proceed with the company registration process.

Conclusion

By investing in one of Armenia's free economic zones, businesses gain
access to a supportive environment and tap into the growth potential of
key sectors in the country. With proper planning and professional
guidance, companies can thrive and significantly contribute to the
economic development of Armenia's free economic zones.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

‍Introduction to Tax Requirement Updates in Armenia

As we step into the new year, the importance of staying up to date with
the latest tax developments in Armenia cannot be overstated. These
updates are not only significant for businesses but also hold
implications for individuals, shaping financial strategies and
decision-making throughout the year.

Continued Support for IT Businesses

The Armenian government remains committed to its dedication of fostering
the IT sector. In a strategic move to support this developing industry,
the Armenian government has extended the tax benefits for IT businesses
until the end of 2024. The favorable 10% payroll tax rate for IT
businesses will continue throughout 2024. Nevertheless, it is important
to state that the accompanying 0% corporate income tax rate will not be
applicable from January 1, 2024. This measure is designed to stimulate
growth and innovation within the IT sector, acknowledging its crucial
role in shaping the country's economic landscape.

2024 Tax Rates Overview

To provide a comprehensive understanding of the tax field, below you can
find the key tax rates applicable in 2024.
Corporate Tax Regimes
Micro-businesses (sales up to approx. $60,000/year): 0%
It's noteworthy that businesses operating as traders in Yerevan, the
capital city, and the majority of service-oriented sectors such as
marketing, consulting, engineering, etc., do not qualify for the
microbusiness status.
Trade and services (sales up to approx. $290,000/year): 5% on the
revenue
In general, smaller businesses pay turnover tax, set at 5% of their
sales. This tax is calculated based on the company's gross sales or
revenue and is to replace both Corporate Income Tax (CIT) and
Value-Added Tax (VAT).
Shown below are businesses that are subject to the turnover tax regime
with tax rates other than 5%:
- Restaurants (no sales cap): 6%
- Manufacturing: 3.5%
Larger businesses (sales exceeding $290,000/year): 18%
Companies with yearly sales surpassing approximately $290,000 are
additionally subject to the corporate income tax regime. It is worth
noting that in case the accountants do not submit the application within
20 days after the registration for the company to be taxed with the
microbusiness or turnover tax regimes, the company will automatically be
taxed by the general tax regime.
Value-Added Tax (VAT)
In Armenia, the standard rate of VAT is 20% for imports and sales by
larger businesses (sales exceeding $290,000), and 0% for export of goods
and services (enabling exporters to claim refunds of input VAT).
Payroll Taxes
Payroll taxes usually constitute a percentage of the employee's income
and are withheld by the employer on behalf of the government.
The key components of payroll taxes in Armenia include:
- Income tax: 20%
- Pension contributions: 5% to 10%, capped at approx. $200/month
- Military payments: $4 to $40/month
Exemptions
It is important to highlight the exemptions that may apply to some
persons. To elaborate, individuals typically do not face taxation on
capital gains arising from the sales of securities, real estate, or
other property, as well as on pension income. Additionally, there are no
taxes imposed on gifts or inheritances.

Property Tax and Rental Income Reporting

As of December 1, 2023, the government has intensified its enforcement
of rental income reporting. Failure to declare rental income may result
in a fine of around $1,250. The tax rate on rental income stands at 10%.
A property tax calculator is available at e-cadastre.

Conclusion

In conclusion, navigating the 2024 tax rates in Armenia requires a
nuanced understanding of the changes outlined above. Whether you are a
business owner or an individual taxpayer, understanding these details is
crucial to ensure optimal compliance and strategic financial planning. 

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Discover a World of Benefits: Residency for Entrepreneurs and Investors in Armenia

Armenia, a hidden gem nestled in the South Caucasus region, has all the
potential to become an attractive destination for entrepreneurs and
investors who seek to obtain residency in another country. With its
stunning landscapes, rich cultural heritage, and favorable business
environment, Armenia has become a sought-after destination both for life
and business.

[]

Options for residency in Armenia

Entrepreneurs and investors have various pathways to obtain residency in
Armenia, as the country offers sufficient freedom to choose their
preferred approach. One option is through doing business in the country.
You can choose to either register your own company or become a
shareholder of an existing one and this will make you eligible for a 1
or 5-year residence permit in Armenia.
One of the advantages of starting a business in Armenia is that the law
does not require a specific amount of investment for it, thus, if you
find a sphere which does not require much investment (such as online
work) you will not be obliged to invest a big amount of money as a
specific statutory capital. Moreover, Armenian law does not require
license for many business activities such as travel agency, e-commerce,
etc., thus, providing the individual with many options to choose from.
 
Another option would be through real estate investment. For this an
individual should acquire properties or land, turn it into an income
generating business (e.g. rent out) and obtain residency through this.
For this process, it is usually recommended to find an apartment in
busier and bigger towns or districts so that it is easier to rent out
and become eligible for residency. The prices for apartments may vary
hugely depending on the location, but you should consider at least
around USD 100,000 to purchase real estate. As a benefit, the property
acquisition process is very quick and easy because it is the 13th of 190
countries according to the World Bank’s “Registering Property” index.

Business opportunities and benefits in Armenia

From a business perspective, Armenia offers many benefits for investors.
Situated at the crossroads of major regional trade routes, Armenia
serves as a gateway to markets in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Its
strategic location makes it an ideal hub for companies seeking to
establish a presence in the wider Eurasian region. Investors can
leverage Armenia's membership in the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU),
which provides preferential access to a market of over 180 million
people.
Moreover, Armenia has made significant strides in improving its business
climate, implementing reforms to attract foreign investment. The
government has simplified bureaucratic procedures, introduced
investor-friendly regulations, and established free economic zones and
industrial parks in addition to already favorable tax regime,
characterized by low personal and corporate tax rates. The ease of doing
business index consistently reflects Armenia's commitment to creating an
investor-friendly environment. In particular, the country offers a
highly beneficial environment for the Information Technology (IT)
sector. Newly registered IT companies have the opportunity to apply for
an IT start-up certificate, granting a temporary exemption from
corporate income tax until December 31, 2023, and reducing the personal
income tax withheld by employers from the standard rate of 21% to a
reduced rate of 10%.
The government also creates good incentives for the field of agriculture
as this sector serves as a driving force in the Armenian economy.
Currently, the government has subsidized programs for sheep and goat
breeding, cattle farming, and orchards/vineyards to further develop this
sector.
Furthermore, Armenia is renowned for its highly skilled and tech-savvy
workforce. The country has a longstanding tradition of excellence in
science, engineering, and technology, producing talented professionals
in fields such as IT, software development, and engineering. Foreign
investors can tap into this pool of talent to drive innovation and
develop cutting-edge technologies.

Benefits of Obtaining a Digital Nomad Visa

Obtaining a digital nomad visa for Armenia comes with several benefits.
Firstly, Armenia is a beautiful country with a rich history and culture.
The country has a low cost of living, making it an affordable
destination for digital nomads. Secondly, Armenia has a fast and
reliable internet connection, which is crucial for remote workers.
Thirdly, the Armenian government is supportive of remote workers and has
introduced several initiatives to attract digital nomads to the country.
For instance, the government has introduced tax exemptions for newly
registered IT businesses, including “private entrepreneurs.” Lastly,
Armenia is strategically located between Europe and Asia, making it an
ideal base for digital nomads who want to explore both continents.

Exploring the lifestyle in Armenia

Armenia offers a vibrant lifestyle and numerous opportunities for
residents. The capital city of Yerevan, known for its bustling
nightlife, exquisite dining options, and cultural events, creates a
cosmopolitan atmosphere for residents and visitors alike. The country's
rich history, ancient monasteries, and UNESCO World Heritage sites offer
a wealth of exploration opportunities.
 
As for the healthcare sector, Armenia has a network of hospitals,
clinics, and medical centers that provide healthcare services across the
country. The quality of healthcare facilities can vary, with better
facilities typically found in urban areas, especially in Yerevan. In
should be taken into account that in Armenia, citizens or residence
permit holders are not required by law to have health insurance.
However, there are six licensed insurance companies in the country that
offer health insurance, with annual rates usually ranging between $300
to $600 per person. 

Conclusion: Why residency by investment in Armenia is a smart choice

Whether you aim to obtain residency through starting your own company or
becoming part of an existing company in Armenia, you will discover
abundant opportunities and benefits in this country, starting from
favorable business environment and opportunities to its vibrant
lifestyle.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Why Choose Payoneer?
• Worldwide Reach: Obtain banking details in key markets like the USA
and Europe, facilitating effortless receipt of international payments.
• Efficient Financial Management: With SWIFT account access and
invoicing services, Payoneer provides the tools you need for smooth
financial operations.
• Optimized Currency Exchange: Benefit from competitive rates, enhancing
your financial performance.
We are excited to introduce two Payoneer registration links tailored to
fit your business needs:
• Main Registration Link: [Click Here] - Best for businesses with
existing bank accounts.
• Newly Registered Companies: [Click Here] - Designed for new entities,
allowing personal bank account use for business transactions.
Why Armenia?
Armenia distinguishes itself as an attractive choice for entrepreneurs
with its efficient and economical business registration process.
Achievable in just one to three days, including the option for remote
registration with just a passport copy, Armenia stands out for its
entrepreneurial friendliness. The country abolishes minimum capital
requirements and registration fees, while permitting 100% foreign
ownership, thereby enhancing its appeal for starting a business.
Armenia's Tax Environment: Fostering Growth and Innovation:
• Zero-Tax Status: Micro-businesses, defined as those with an annual
turnover of up to 24 million drams (around $60,000), enjoy a tax-exempt
status, alongside entities operating within designated economic zones.
• Competitive Tax Rates: Businesses benefit from advantageous sales tax
rates ranging from 1.5% to 5% for annual sales up to 115 million drams
(approximately $285,000). For annual sales exceeding this threshold,
companies are subject to an 18% corporate income tax, offering a
balanced approach to taxation as your business grows.
Additional Benefits: Residence and Citizenship Opportunities:
Operating or owning a company in Armenia not only fosters business
growth but also opens up avenues for residency and potential citizenship
for you and your family. With three years of residency, you can become
eligible for Armenian citizenship under general naturalization rules,
enriching your personal and professional life.

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[Vardanyan & Partners Law Firm - Citizenship and Passport Services Logo]

[]

[]

-    [] Company[]
    -    [] Registration
    -    [] Business Opportunities
    -    [] Taxation
    -    [] Employment
    -    [] Employer of Record
    -    [] Outsourcing
    -    [] Trademark
    -    [] Bank Account
-    [] Visa
-    [] Residence[]
    -    [] Residence
    -    [] Residence by Investment
    -    [] Digital Nomad Visa
-    [] Work Permit
-    [] Passport[]
    -    [] Citizenship
    -    [] Citizenship by Investment
-    [] Real Estate
-    [] Passport Programs
-    [] Updates
-    [] About us
-    [] Contact Us

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

2024 Guide to Business Registration in Armenia 

With registration completed within one to three business days, no
minimum capital requirements, and no government fees, starting a
business in Armenia is hassle-free. Full foreign ownership is permitted,
and Armenia's favorable tax regime, including zero-tax statuses and low
turnover taxes, further enhances its appeal. Strong privacy protections,
a skilled workforce, and robust economic growth make Armenia an
attractive destination for business and investment. Additionally, owning
an Armenian company can provide pathways to residency and citizenship,
supported by international trade agreements and investment protection
treaties. Explore the opportunities that Armenia offers for your
business success.

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

Table of Contents

1.  Benefits of Registering a Company in Armenia
2.  Corporate Forms
3.  Subsidiary, Branch Office, Representative Office
4.  Employer of Record
5.  Business Registration Process
6.  Key Registration Requirements and Considerations
7.  Compliance Requirements
8.  Corporate Changes and Dissolution
9.  Armenia in International Rankings

1. Benefits of Registering a Company in Armenia

Swift and Effortless Registration: Armenia offers ultra-fast, one-day
registration for businesses with sample documents, while customized or
remote registrations take just one to three business days. A
registration certificate with a taxpayer ID number is swiftly provided,
enabling immediate operations.
Affordable Setup and Maintenance: With no minimum capital requirements
and an option for a nominal paid-up capital of $1, Armenia ensures
cost-effective registration. No government fees accompany company
registration or renewal, eliminating recurring reporting costs. Inactive
entities are exempt from taxes and tax filings, while obligations like
office rental, local hires, or compulsory bank accounts are
non-existent.
Foreign Ownership Freedom: Armenia welcomes foreign ownership without
constraints. Full ownership can be held by foreigners, exempt from local
partnerships or agents. Citizenship or residency of shareholders poses
no limitations. Non-resident directors and employees, even sole foreign
directors, can manage and wholly own companies without local presence
mandates.
Residence and Citizenship Avenues: Operating or owning an Armenian
company can open paths to various residency statuses for you and your
family. Three years of residency under general naturalization rules can
lead to Armenian citizenship eligibility.
Advantageous Tax Regime: Micro-businesses, IT startups, entities in
economic or industrial zones, and more qualify for zero-tax status.
Companies with annual sales of less than 115 million drams (approx.
$299,000) incur sales (turnover) tax of 1.5-5%. Dividend taxation at 5%
is flexible due to numerous double-tax treaties, while capital gains on
asset sales remain untaxed. Additionally, gifts, inheritance, net worth,
and insurance/pension payments incur no taxes.
Privacy and Credibility: Selecting the right corporate structures or
using nominee services is possible for ownership privacy. Armenian bank
secrecy is law-protected and disclosing it is a crime. As of 2022,
Armenia does not participate in CRS automatic exchange of information
(AEOI). Armenia does not appear on any list of offshore jurisdictions,
lending to its positive image and credibility. The country has an up to
date anti-money laundering legislation, and the Central Bank has ensured
the safety, stability and good reputation of the banking system.
Skilled Workforce and Low Labor Costs: Armenia offers a highly educated,
skilled workforce with a 99.7% adult literacy rate. Multilingual
universities contribute to a qualified labor pool. The minimum monthly
wage stands at $195, while the national average is approximately $690.
Economic Growth, Integration, and Diaspora: In 2022, Armenia's GDP grew
by 12.6%. Membership in the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU), WTO, and
free-trade agreements with CIS countries, Canada, Japan, Norway, and
Switzerland position Armenia favorably. The global Armenian diaspora,
numbering 7 million, enriches the country's resources.
Investment-Friendly Environment: Armenia ensures free repatriation of
capital and profits, allows foreign land ownership, and encourages
investments through tax incentives and government aid programs.
Extensive double taxation and foreign investment protection agreements
strengthen Armenia's investment appeal.

2. Corporate Forms

Choosing the appropriate business structure entails a comprehensive
assessment of both tax and non-tax considerations. These encompass
factors like limited liability, establishment and maintenance costs,
confidentiality, number of shareholders, managerial framework, and exit
strategies.

[]

Private Entrepreneur (PE)

A Private Entrepreneur is an individual registered within the State
Registry, assigned a tax ID. Operating as a PE does not constitute a
distinct legal entity; thus, personal liability extends beyond the
invested business assets. In essence, business and personal assets
remain undivided, potentially leading to personal accountability for
business-related liabilities. However, the advantages include its
uncomplicated and economical setup and maintenance, absence of dividend
taxes, and streamlined accounting procedures. This structure best caters
to smaller businesses owned and managed by a sole proprietor.

[]

Limited Liability Company (LLC)

The Limited Liability Company (LLC) is the predominant corporate form in
Armenia. As the name suggests, shareholders in an LLC benefit from
limited liability, safeguarding them from company debts. This form's
popularity stems from its straightforward and cost-effective
establishment, uncomplicated managerial hierarchy, and reduced corporate
formalities. Membership is capped at 49 shareholders. Alternatively, an
Additional Liability Company mirrors the LLC but varies in that
shareholders bear responsibility for company debts, as outlined in the
organization's articles.

[]

Joint-Stock Company (JSC)

The Joint-Stock Company proves suitable for medium to large enterprises
with multiple shareholders. This strong structure offers enhanced
shareholder privacy and increased flexibility in share capital structure
and company management. An Open Joint-Stock Company (OJSC) enables
unrestricted share transfers, devoid of shareholders' preemptive
acquisition rights.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Header                | Limited               | Joint-Stock Company   |
|                       | Liability Company     | (JSC)                 |
|                       | (LLC)                 |                       |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Shareholder Register  | The register of       | The register of       |
|                       | shareholders is       | shareholders is       |
|                       | maintained by a       | maintained by a bank  |
|                       | governmental agency   | or an investment      |
|                       | (State Registry) and  | company for a fee.    |
|                       | is annexed to the     | The register is not   |
|                       | articles of           | public.               |
|                       | organization. The     |                       |
|                       | register is public.   |                       |
|                       | Articles of           |                       |
|                       | organization have to  |                       |
|                       | be amended every time |                       |
|                       | share ownership       |                       |
|                       | changes.              |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Exit and Sale of      | Shareholders have     | In a close            |
| Shares                | preemptive rights to  | joint-stock company   |
|                       | purchase shares       | (CJSC) shareholders   |
|                       | before they are       | have preemptive       |
|                       | offered to third      | rights to purchase    |
|                       | parties. A            | shares. In an open    |
|                       | shareholder may exit  | joint-stock company   |
|                       | the company any time  | (OJSC) no such rights |
|                       | and claim a refund    | exits and shares can  |
|                       | equal to the value of | be freely             |
|                       | his share.            | transferable.         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Share Capital         | Capital may be        | Share capital can     |
|                       | divided in registered | consist of certain    |
|                       | shares.               | classes of            |
|                       |                       | common/preferred,     |
|                       |                       | voting/non-voting     |
|                       |                       | shares.               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Annual Meeting of     | Annual meetings can   | Annual meetings can   |
| Shareholders          | be held remotely with | be held anywhere in   |
|                       | shareholders casting  | the world, and        |
|                       | their votes means of  | shareholders can be   |
|                       | distant               | represented by        |
|                       | communication.        | proxies.              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Board & Management    | Shareholders appoint  | Shareholders appoint  |
|                       | one executive manager | one executive manager |
|                       | (director). Creation  | or a management       |
|                       | of an upper-tier      | board. Creation of an |
|                       | board of directors is | upper-tier board of   |
|                       | optional.             | directors is required |
|                       |                       | only for companies    |
|                       |                       | with more than 50     |
|                       |                       | shareholders.         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Internal Audit        | An internal auditor   | An internal auditor   |
|                       | or audit committee is | or audit committee is |
|                       | optional for          | mandatory.            |
|                       | companies with less   |                       |
|                       | than 21 shareholders. |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| In-Kind (Non-Cash)    | A report by an        | A report by an        |
| Contributions         | external appraiser is | external appraiser is |
|                       | required if the       | required for all      |
|                       | nominal value of the  | in-kind               |
|                       | shares issued in      | contributions.        |
|                       | exchange for in-kind  |                       |
|                       | contributions exceeds |                       |
|                       | AMD 500,000.          |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

Partnership

Partnerships can take the form of a distinct legal entity or a
contractual agreement among partners. Partnerships offer more
flexibility and are less regulated. Unlike an LLC or JSC with a single
director, a partnership can be actively managed by multiple partners.
You have the option to create a general partnership, where partners bear
debt liability, or a limited partnership, with passive investors who
risk only their initial investment. A contractual partnership doesn't
require registration, but notifying the tax office is necessary.

[]

Cooperative

Cooperatives are worker associations, where each member holds an equal
vote, and profits reflect labor contributions, not capital. This unique
structure suits smaller employee-owned businesses valuing labor over
capital. Specific rules apply to agricultural cooperatives.

[]

Private Equity Fund

A private equity fund is used for investing in real estate, securities,
and other assets. Registered by the Central Bank of Armenia, it enjoys
significant tax benefits, including a mere 0.01% annual tax on net asset
value and tax-free profit distribution.

[]

Non-Corporate Forms of Doing Business

Business partners can also engage in non-corporate collaborations via
contractual agreements like joint ventures, franchising, trust
management, agency, commission, and delegation.

[]

NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS

Non-profit entities in Armenia are typically founded as either
foundations or public associations.
Public Association: A public association operates as a membership-driven
entity, primarily catering to its members' needs (e.g. professional
associations, clubs, etc.). Oversight of a public association falls to
an executive manager (management board) appointed by the members'
general assembly.
Foundation: Foundations lack members and are primarily established to
fund charitable initiatives benefiting specific groups or society as a
whole. Governance of foundations rests with a board of trustees,
initially designated by the founders, and an executive manager appointed
by the board.
Both foundations and public associations have the capacity to engage in
business and revenue-generating activities. Income generated from such
activities is subject to regular taxation rates applicable to for-profit
establishments. However, fees from memberships, charitable
contributions, and other voluntary transfers (monetary and in-kind)
directed toward non-profit organizations remain non-taxable. Non-profit
entities may choose to create for-profit businesses (LLC, JSC, etc.) to
segregate commercial operations from their core pursuits.
Religious Organization: Registering a religious organization mandates
obtaining certification from the Council of Religious Affairs, verifying
the religion's "traditional" status (based on historical canonized
scripture and integration into contemporary religious and ecclesiastical
communities), and confirming a membership of at least 200 individuals
(excluding minors).
Institution: An institution is a structural or territorial unit
established within a legal entity to engage in non-profit endeavors
related to education, sports, culture, governance, etc. While an
institution has its articles of organization, it doesn't hold legal
entity status. Debts incurred by the institution fall under the
responsibility of the founding organization.

Engaging in unregistered business operations, known as illegal
entrepreneurship, carries significant tax and criminal implications in
Armenia. If you're unsure about whether your business activities
necessitate registration in Armenia, it's advisable to consult with
professionals who can provide expert guidance.

3. Subsidiary, Branch Office, Representative Office

Choosing the appropriate business structure entails a comprehensive
assessment of both tax and non-tax considerations. These encompass
factors like limited liability, establishment and maintenance costs,
confidentiality, number of shareholders, managerial framework, and exit
strategies.
1. Branch Office (BO): A branch office is a territorial division of a
foreign enterprise operating within Armenia. It doesn't exist as a
separate legal entity but rather serves as an extension of the foreign
company. For proper functioning, branch offices established in Armenia
need to undergo registration with the State Registry and obtain a
taxpayer identification number.
2. Subsidiary: A subsidiary involves the establishment of a locally
registered company (LLC or JSC) that is either fully or partially owned
by a foreign corporation. All aspects of corporate operation are
governed by Armenian law. Importantly, the limited liability structure
ensures that creditors of the subsidiary cannot lay claim to the assets
of foreign shareholders.

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Header                | Branch Office         | Subsidiary            |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Tax Factors           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Taxation of Worldwide | Only income from      | Worldwide income is   |
| Income                | Armenian sources is   | taxed.                |
|                       | taxed.                |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Repatriation of       | Transfers of funds    | Dividends and         |
| Profits (Dividends &  | between the branch    | interest income paid  |
| Interest)             | office and the head   | to a foreign parent   |
|                       | office are            | company are taxed at  |
|                       | non-taxable           | 10% or a lower rate   |
|                       | intra-company         | if a DTT applies.     |
|                       | transfers.            |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Transfer of Assets    | Intra-company         | Transfers may result  |
| from/ to Head Office  | transfers of assets   | in capital gain taxes |
| (Parent Company)      | are generally not     | or VAT.               |
|                       | taxable.              |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Double-Tax Treaties   | Branch offices are    | A subsidiary is an    |
| (DTT)                 | non-residents and     | Armenian company that |
|                       | Armenia's DTTs do not | can benefit from      |
|                       | apply to them.        | Armenia's DTTs.       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Taxation of Dividend  | Dividend income is    | Dividend income is    |
| Income                | taxable.              | not taxable.          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Tax Benefits for      | Special rates and     | Subsidiaries are      |
| Residents             | exemptions are        | resident companies    |
|                       | generally not         | and can take          |
|                       | applicable to branch  | advantage of certain  |
|                       | offices.              | tax benefits (reduced |
|                       |                       | rates or exemptions). |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Non-Tax Factors       |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Limited Liability     | Head office is liable | Parent company enjoys |
|                       | for all debts of the  | limited liability and |
|                       | branch office.        | generally is not      |
|                       |                       | responsible for the   |
|                       |                       | subsidiary's debts.   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Applicable Law        | A branch office is    | A subsidiary is an    |
|                       | not an Armenian       | Armenian company and  |
|                       | entity and is         | must comply with the  |
|                       | governed by the laws  | Armenian company      |
|                       | of the jurisdiction   | laws.                 |
|                       | where the head office |                       |
|                       | is located.           |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Business Name         | Branch office must    | Subsidiary's business |
|                       | use the name of the   | name can be different |
|                       | foreign company (head | from that of the      |
|                       | office).              | parent company.       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Currency Controls     | Branch office is      | A subsidiary is an    |
|                       | considered a          | Armenian resident     |
|                       | non-resident and can  | company and must      |
|                       | use foreign currency  | comply with foreign   |
|                       | in its dealings with  | currency control      |
|                       | Armenian residents.   | requirements.         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

3. Representative Office: A representative office, akin to a branch
office, functions with the key distinction that it cannot conduct
business activities. Rather, its purpose is confined to representing the
interests of the foreign entity within Armenia. Operating a
representative office mandates registration with the State Registry and
acquisition of a taxpayer identification number.
4. Permanent Establishment: The concept of a permanent establishment
revolves primarily around taxation. It materializes when a foreign
company maintains a significant business presence within Armenia. The
decision to establish a permanent presence is predominantly driven by
tax considerations. The Tax Office oversees the registration of
permanent establishments and issues corresponding taxpayer
identification numbers.

What Clients Say

[][][][][]

Ms. Mirzoyan at Vardanyan & Partners has provided me with a truly
unparalleled customer service experience. Polite, transparent,
attentive, and honest are the words which come to mind when I think of
how I've been treated by this law firm. շնորհակալություն!

 

Vikram R.

[][][][][]

This law firm exemplifies professionalism and offers exceptional
post-service guarantees. I highly recommend their services.

Dina Y.

[][][][][]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[][][][][]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[][][][][]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[][][][][]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[][][][][]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[][][][][]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[][][][][]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[][][][][]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[][][][][]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[][][][][]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[][][][][]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[][][][][]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[][][][][]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[][][][][]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[][][][][]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

4. Employer of Record

When the central goal of establishing a business presence in Armenia
revolves around employing local staff, you have the option to explore
employer of record services as a viable alternative. This solution
offers potential benefits, encompassing cost efficiencies and the
mitigation of compliance-related uncertainties. Typically encompassing
an array of provisions, such services span the spectrum from recruitment
and onboarding to orchestrating local payroll, tax submissions, salary
disbursements, and the administration of employee benefits.

5. Business Registration Process

Registration Process: The seamless establishment of companies and
necessary corporate modifications is registered through the State
Registry of Legal Entities under the Armenian Ministry of Justice. A
physical presence before the Registry isn't mandatory, as authorized
lawyers can handle the administrative procedures by filing requisite
registration documents using a power of attorney. Following company
registration, the logical next steps encompass ordering a corporate
rubber stamp and submitting statements to the tax office.
Timeline: The registration typically takes only one business day after
the registration documents are submitted. It's important to note that
certain registrations tied to branch offices and non-profit entities
might entail longer durations.
Documents: While document prerequisites may slightly differ based on
specific scenarios, in general, individual shareholders and directors
should furnish original or legalized copies (Apostille or consular
legalization) of their passports. Corporate shareholders and directors
must provide legalized copies of pertinent corporate documents –
including the certificate of registration and articles of incorporation.
These originals or legalized copies are required for subsequent
notarized translation into the Armenian language.
Cost: Incorporation expenses consist of governmental fees, legal
charges, and other costs, like fees for translation, corporate stamps,
and mailing services. 

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary
advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of
our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and
absolutely free.

2020.12.23 Company

I am interested in creating a: *

For-profit entity (LLC, corporation, cooperative)

Subsidiary, branch office or representative office

Non-profit entity (foundation, association)

Main line of business: * Please select from drop-down listIT, Software
DevelopmentOnline BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

I am also interested in the following services:

Corporate bank account

Tax compliance, payroll & accounting

Immigration services (visas, work permits, residence permits, etc.)

Permits & licenses

Employer of record & outstaffing

Nominee services

Legal address & virtual office

Secretary & legal services

Trademark registration

Real estate transactions

Corporate changes

M&A, reorganization or dissolution

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Name

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

Get Free Advice

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

[Image of Nerses Isajanyan, an expert in Armenian passport and
citizenship law]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia (License no. 903)

Licensed Attorney, New York (License no. 5148945)

Stay Informed with Our Newsletter

Join our newsletter to receive the latest news, legal updates, and
expert advice on citizenship. We pride ourselves on honesty,
transparency, and a commitment to client care. Understanding Armenia's
unique opportunities and challenges, we are here to guide you.

Sign Up

We look forward to assisting you on your journey in Armenia.

6. Key Registration Requirements and Considerations

[]

Government Fees

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Service               | Government Fee        | Fast-Track Service    |
|                       |                       | Fee                   |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Company Formation     | None                  | One business day  -   |
|                       |                       | AMD 30,000 ($62)      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change of Corporate   | AMD 10,000 ($21)      |                       |
| Name                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change of Address     | AMD 10,000 ($21)      |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change of Executive   | AMD 5,000 ($10)       |                       |
| Director              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change of             | AMD 20,000 ($42)      |                       |
| Shareholders (LLC)    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Change of Capital     | AMD 10,000 ($21)      |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Amendments to         | AMD 10,000 ($21)      |                       |
| Articles              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Branch Office         | AMD 50,000 ($105)     | N/A                   |
| Registration          |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Dissolution           | AMD 20,000 ($42)      | N/A                   |
| (Deregistration)      |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Corporate             | AMD 50,000 ($105)     | Two business days -   |
| Reorganization        |                       | AMD 100,000 ($207);   |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | Five business days -  |
|                       |                       | AMD 50,000 ($103)     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Redomiciliation       | AMD 10,000 ($21)      | N/A                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Certificate of        | AMD 8,000 ($17)       | AMD 8,000 ($17)       |
| Registration (Good    |                       |                       |
| Standing)             |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

Business Name

In Armenia, a registered company is mandated to possess a unique
business name, affording it exclusive rights to this name. This
distinctive business identity is composed of a distinctive word or
expression – be it a common or proper name, fictitious name, or a
sequence of letters – in conjunction with the company's corporate
structure (e.g., ACME LLC). Although altering the business name is
permissible, transferring it to another individual necessitates a
comprehensive company reorganization.
The utilization of terms like "Armenia," "Armenian," "Arm," and names of
Armenian locales mandates the approval of national or local authorities.
Notably, a government fee of AMD 600,000 (approx. US$1,563) is
applicable for employing "Armenia" or "Armenian" in a business name.
Furthermore, a business name must not incorporate terms requiring
specific licenses or permits, such as "bank," "insurance," "notary," and
similar designations.
It's imperative that a business name isn't identical or confusingly
similar to previously registered business names or trademarks within
Armenia. For preemptive checks, conducting name searches can be executed
through the State Registry and the Intellectual Property
Agency websites. While a business name offers exclusive usage rights,
you should consider trademark registration as well, as this avenue
generally delivers enhanced protection to your business identity.

[]

Legal Address

When registering a company in Armenia, a crucial requirement is to
designate a legal address. This designated address serves as the
recipient of official correspondences and notifications. Remarkably,
there is no obligation to own or lease dedicated business premises
within Armenia. Instead, it's admissible to employ your residential
address for company registration. In case where you don't have an
Armenian address, your legal representative can assist in providing one.
It's important to differentiate the legal address from the actual
business location. The legal address, which must be indicated in the
company's articles of organization, is reserved for official
communications. If changes to the address are implemented, corresponding
amendments to the articles are requisite.

[]

Shareholders & Managers

Shareholding Flexibility: Armenia offers a favorable environment for
shareholding, with no imposed restrictions. Foreign individuals and
legal entities have the freedom to hold 100% ownership in Armenian
companies, eliminating the necessity of involving local partners,
directors, or staff.
1. Dividend Taxation: In cases where formal dividend distribution occurs
among shareholders, certain tax considerations come into play.
Individual shareholders are subject to a 5% income tax on dividends.
Similarly, non-resident corporate shareholders face a 5% withholding tax
on dividends, while Armenian companies enjoy exemption from dividend
taxation. The 5% rate for non-resident shareholders can potentially be
reduced through double tax treaties.
2. Limited Liability Assurance: Shareholders typically enjoy limited
liability protection, safeguarding them from losses exceeding their
initial investment. This protection extends to personal responsibility
for the company's debts. An exception is if shareholders knowingly
contribute to the company's bankruptcy.
Management Structure: Typically, Armenian companies are overseen by a
singular director, serving as the chief executive officer. This director
possesses the authority to act on behalf of the company, with the
ability to delegate authority through powers of attorney. While having
an upper-level board of directors is possible, it's more common to find
this structure in companies with over 49 shareholders. Directors can be
individuals or legal entities. Directors and other managers can be held
liable for company damages resulting from unreasonable or
ill-intentioned actions. They could also face accountability for
administrative and criminal offenses linked to mismanagement, including
tax evasion, money laundering, immigration violations, etc. Managers may
additionally be held liable for deliberately causing the company's
bankruptcy. All Joint-Stock Companies (JSCs) and Limited Liability
Companies (LLCs) with over 20 shareholders are required to have an
internal auditor or an audit committee. 

Please note that a recent legal development took effect on January 1st,
2023. This change mandates that companies established in Armenia must
now disclose their real beneficiaries, also known as ultimate beneficial
owners. These declarations need to be submitted online through the
official platform: https://bo.e-register.am/am/auth. The submission
deadline for these declarations is February 20th, 2023. Moreover, the
new law stipulates an additional requirement for companies: the
submission of annual statements confirming that the real beneficiaries
remain unchanged. This annual statement must also be filed by February
20th. By and large, any shareholder holding at least 20% of a company's
shares is categorized as a real beneficiary under this regulation. To
navigate these new requirements effectively, your appointed
representative in Armenia will necessitate a power of attorney (POA) to
facilitate company registration on the designated online platform. A
scanned copy of the POA will suffice for this purpose.

[]

Bank Account

In 2024, Armenia has eighteen banks catering to both individual and
corporate clients, spanning residents and non-residents alike. All these
banks are privately owned and governed by Central Bank regulations.
Noteworthy international institutions like HSBC share space with local
banks infused with foreign investments from countries such as Russia
(VTB Bank), France (ACBA-Credit Agricole Bank), Lebanon (Byblos Bank),
Argentina (Converse Bank), and Iran (Mellat Bank), among others.
Armenian banks stand out with their commendable customer service,
reasonable fees, enhanced privacy measures, and a comprehensive suite of
modern banking services, including:
•  Online and mobile banking, along with phone banking
•  Debit and credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, AmEx)
•  International bank transfers and money remittance services
•  Multi-currency accounts (USD, EUR, CHF, GBP, CAD, AED, RUR, JPY)
•  Gold accounts
•  Wealth management and private banking services
•  Secure deposit boxes, among other offerings
Opening a Bank Account: Initiating a corporate bank account setup in
Armenia can take a few days or even a few weeks, dependent on the
thoroughness of background checks conducted. The option of remote
account opening through a power of attorney is also feasible, however,
the chances of approval may not be high. The application process
necessitates presenting company registration documents, alongside
passport copies of directors, shareholders, and ultimate beneficial
owners (UBO). Additional documents like proof of address, income source,
etc. may also be requested.
Bank Secrecy and Regulations: Armenia upholds strict bank secrecy laws.
Unauthorized disclosure of bank information constitutes a criminal
offense, leading to potential imprisonment and financial penalties.
Ordinarily, court orders are essential for banks to divulge
account-related details. Anti-money laundering (AML) guidelines mandate
banks to report suspicious activities to the Central Bank. Armenia
doesn't partake in AEOI/CRS but has a FATCA agreement with the U.S.
Interest Rates and Taxes: Banks offer interest rates reaching up to 10%
for local currency deposits and 5% for U.S. dollar deposits, as of
February 2022. The Armenian stock exchange features corporate bonds
offering higher yields. Interest income generally incurs a 10% tax rate.
Safety: Safety is a priority, with all banks subject to licensing and
oversight by the Central Bank. Deposit insurance from the Deposit
Guarantee Fund of Armenia covers bank deposits and account balances up
to AMD 16 million in local currency (approximately $41,700) and AMD 7
million in foreign currency (approximately $18,200). Remarkably, this
insurance system has never been triggered due to a lack of bank runs in
recent history.
Merchant Accounts and Payment Gateways: Merchant accounts and Internet
acquiring services are available in Armenia, enabling online payments
via VISA and MasterCard cards through websites. Banks often provide
necessary software at no cost, sparing merchants additional expenses for
programming and certification procedures. Payment gateways like
2checkout are compatible with Armenian bank accounts, streamlining
payment processes.

Because of AML requirements it may be difficult or even impossible to
open corporate bank accounts for companies that have limited ties to
Armenia, e.g. no actual place of business in Armenia. Not all banks work
with clients from countries under international or U.S. sanctions (e.g.
Iran, Syria, etc.). If the company is owned or managed by a national of
one of these countries it is recommended to check the possibility of
opening a bank account in advance.

Alternative for opening a bank account in Armenia

We have partnered with Payoneer, a leader in global payment services, to
help our clients effortlessly navigate the complexities of international
transactions.
About Payoneer
Payoneer empowers businesses, online sellers, and freelancers in Armenia
and across the globe to pay and get paid as easily globally as they do
locally. With Payoneer's financial services, you can:
• Receive payments from international clients with local bank account
details in the USA, Europe, and other key markets.
• Access your funds with ease using SWIFT account details and plastic
cards.
• Benefit from convenient invoicing services and competitive currency
exchange rates.
Why Payoneer?
• Global Reach: Operate in over 200 countries and territories, in
multiple currencies.
• Ease of Use: Simple, intuitive platform designed for businesses of all
sizes.
• Comprehensive Solutions: From receiving funds to currency conversion,
Payoneer covers all your international financial needs.
Get Started with Payoneer
Register with Payoneer using our exclusive links tailored for your
business type. Whether you are just starting or looking to scale up,
Payoneer has the tools you need to succeed in the global market.
• For Established Businesses
• For Newly Registered Companies

7. Compliance Requirements

In Armenia, obtaining a general business license typically marks the
starting point for launching your business. This comprehensive license
is usually adequate to kickstart your operations. However, specific
industries may necessitate supplementary licenses at both the national
and local levels. Notably, certain situations may merely call for formal
notifications, streamlining the licensing process.

[]

Licenses and Permits

National License

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Business Activity     | Licensing Agency      | Annual License Fee    |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Weapons & Security    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Manufacturing of and  | Ministry of Emergency | 300,000-400,000       |
| trade in explosives,  | Situations            | ($630-840)            |
| blasting operations   |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Manufacturing of and  | Ministry of Defense;  | 50,000 -500,000       |
| trade in weapons;     |                       | ($105-1,050)          |
| import, export or     | Ministry of High-Tech |                       |
| transit               | Industry              |                       |
| transportation of     |                       |                       |
| military products,    |                       |                       |
| intermediary          |                       |                       |
| activities in trade   |                       |                       |
| in military products  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Private guarding      | Police                | None                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Medicine & Drugs      |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Manufacturing of and  | Ministry of Health    | 100,000 ($210)        |
| trade in narcotic     |                       |                       |
| drugs or psychotropic |                       |                       |
| substances or their   |                       |                       |
| precursors            |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Production of drugs   |                       | 200,000 ($420)        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Pharmacies; wholesale |                       | 50,000 -100,000       |
| trade in drugs        |                       | ($105-210)            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Medical services      |                       | 50,000 ($105)         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Financial Services    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Foreign currency      | Central Bank          | 500,000-1M            |
| dealers/brokers;      |                       | ($1,050-2,020)        |
| foreign currency      |                       |                       |
| trading; foreign      |                       |                       |
| currency trading      |                       |                       |
| auctions              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Investment services;  |                       | 500,000 ($1,050)      |
| central depository,   |                       |                       |
| operator of a         |                       |                       |
| regulated market      |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Banks; credit         |                       | 6-8M                  |
| organizations         |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($12,580-16,770)      |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Pawnshops             |                       | 1,5-2M                |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($3,140-4,190)        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Investment fund       |                       | 500,000 ($1,050)      |
| management            |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Life insurance and    |                       | 250,000-3M            |
| non-life insurance;   |                       | ($524-6,290)          |
| reinsurance;          |                       |                       |
| insurance brokerage   |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Cash-in-transit       |                       | 300,000 ($629)        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Credit bureaus        |                       | 1M ($2,020)           |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Money remittance      |                       | 1M ($2,020)           |
| services              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Processing and        |                       | 1M ($2,020)           |
| clearing of payment   |                       |                       |
| instruments           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Energy & Water        |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Natural gas           | Public Services       | 10M - 15M             |
| import/export,        | Regulatory Commission |                       |
| distribution,         |                       | ($21,000-31,000)      |
| transportation        |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Electricity           |                       | 100,000-30M           |
| production,           |                       |                       |
| transmission,         |                       | ($210-63,000)         |
| distribution,         |                       |                       |
| import/export;        |                       |                       |
| thermal energy        |                       |                       |
| production,           |                       |                       |
| transportation,       |                       |                       |
| distribution          |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Electricity and gas   |                       | 100,000 - 5M          |
| supply operator       |                       |                       |
| services; services    |                       | ($210-$10,000)        |
| provided to the       |                       |                       |
| energy market         |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Drinking water and    |                       | 100,000 ($210)        |
| wastewater services   |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Education             |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Education programs    | Ministry of Education | 10,000-300,000        |
| (preschool,           |                       |                       |
| elementary, general,  | Ministry of Health    | ($21-630)             |
| vocational, bachelor  |                       |                       |
| and master)           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Telecommunications    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Public electronic     | Public Services       | 10,000-1M             |
| communications        | Regulatory Commission |                       |
| network               |                       | ($21-$2,020)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Broadcasting of TV or | Television and Radio  | 100,000-500,000       |
| radio programs;       | Committee             |                       |
| multiplexing          |                       | ($210-$1,050)         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Postal services       | Ministry of High-Tech | 3M ($6,300)           |
|                       | Industry              |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Gambling              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Lotteries; Internet   | Ministry of Finance   | 600M ($1.25M)         |
| gambling              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Gambling & casinos    |                       | 35M - 5,5B            |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($73,000-11.5M)       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Transportation        |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Railway transport     | Ministry of           | 1M ($2,020)           |
|                       | Territorial           |                       |
|                       | Administration and    |                       |
|                       | Infrastructure        |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Technical inspection  |                       | 1M ($2,020)           |
| of vehicles           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Public                |                       | 100,000-200,000       |
| transportation; taxi  |                       |                       |
| cab services          |                       | ($210-420)            |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Other                 |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Construction,         | Urban Development     | 40,000-100,000        |
| including document    | Committee             |                       |
| development and       |                       | ($80-210)             |
| inspections           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Financial auditing    | Ministry of Finance   | 250,000 ($520)        |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Hazardous waste       | Ministry of           | 200,000 ($420)        |
| utilization           | Environment           |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Nuclear               | Nuclear Safety        | 5,000-2M              |
| energy-related        | Committee             |                       |
| activities            |                       | ($10-$4,200)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Local License

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Service               | Period                | License Fees in       |
|                       |                       | Yerevan               |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Restaurants and other | Quarterly             | 578-87,500            |
| food services         |                       | ($1.2-183), depending |
|                       |                       | on structure, size    |
|                       |                       | and location          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sale of alcoholic     | Quarterly             | 4,200-175,000         |
| beverages             |                       | ($9-366), depending   |
|                       |                       | on size and location  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sale of tobacco       | Quarterly             | 4,200-175,000         |
| products              |                       | ($9-366), depending   |
|                       |                       | on size and location  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Operating food        | Annual                | 120,000-3M            |
| services,             |                       | ($251-6,277),         |
| entertainment, trade, |                       | depending on type of  |
| gambling and lottery  |                       | business              |
| facilities, saunas    |                       |                       |
| after 24:00           |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Organizing open-air   | Daily                 | 500 ($1.05) per sq.   |
| trade                 |                       | m.                    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Retail sale of        | Annual                | 50,000 ($105)         |
| jewelry items         |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sale of liquid fuels, | Annual                | 600,000 ($1,255) -    |
| compressed natural or |                       | annually; 87,500      |
| liquefied petroleum   |                       | ($183) if sold in     |
| gases                 |                       | retails stores or     |
|                       |                       | kiosks                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Sale of technical     | Annual                | 87,500 ($183)         |
| fluids in vehicle     |                       |                       |
| repair or inspection  |                       |                       |
| shops                 |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Taxi cab services     | Annual                | 10,000 ($21) per      |
|                       |                       | vehicle               |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Funeral services      | Annual                | 1,500,000 ($3,138)    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Private cemeteries    | Annual                | 2.5-20M               |
|                       |                       | ($5,090-41,846)       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Karaoke bars,         | Annual                | 150,000 ($314)        |
| discotheques, baths,  |                       |                       |
| or saunas             |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Strip clubs           | Annual                | 1,500,000 ($3,138)    |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Notification

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Business Activity     | Agency                | Annual Fee            |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| Weapons & Security    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Manufacturing or      | Ministry of Finance   | 10,000-50,000         |
| trade in pyrotechnic  |                       | ($21-105)             |
| products              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Medicine & Drugs      |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Production of         | Ministry of Economy   | 200,000 ($420)        |
| biological substances |                       |                       |
| used in veterinary    |                       |                       |
| medicine              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Veterinary-sanitary   | Ministry of Finance   | 10,000-50,000         |
| examination           |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($21-105)             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Production or sale of | Ministry of Economy   | 10,000-50,000         |
| chemical or           |                       |                       |
| biological substances |                       | ($21-105)             |
| for plant protection  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Genetic engineering   | Ministry of Health    | 50,000                |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($105)                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Energy & Water        |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Drilling operations   | Ministry of           | 200,000               |
| for the use of        | Environment           |                       |
| freshwater            |                       | ($420)                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Telecommunications    |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Public electronic     | Public Services       | 200,000               |
| communication         | Regulatory Commission |                       |
| services, with the    |                       | ($420)                |
| exception of services |                       |                       |
| requiring ownership   |                       |                       |
| or operation of a     |                       |                       |
| public electronic     |                       |                       |
| communications        |                       |                       |
| network               |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Other                 |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Production of         | Ministry of Economy;  | 25,000-15M            |
| liquors, wine, beer;  | Ministry of Finance   |                       |
| import of vodka       |                       | ($51-$30,690)         |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Hallmarking of items  | Ministry of Economy   | 200,000               |
| made of precious      |                       |                       |
| metals                |                       | ($420)                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Organization of       | Ministry of Finance   | 300,000-1M            |
| trading facilities    |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | ($614-2,020)          |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Trade, import,        | Ministry of Economy   | 1M                    |
| export,               |                       |                       |
| transportation of     |                       | ($2,020)              |
| natural loose         |                       |                       |
| diamonds              |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Import of cement      | Ministry of Economy   | 14,000 ($29) per ton  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

[]

Chambers of Commerce

Lands in Armenia are classified according to their designated usage
(zoning), including agricultural, residential, industrial, energy,
forest, and more. Foreigners can directly own household and gardening
plots, lands designated for construction and maintenance of a homestead,
and residential and commercial development lands. Other types of land,
such as agricultural land, can be owned through a legal entity. Special
residence permit holders can own all types of land. There are some
restrictions on building on agricultural land, although small buildings
up to 30 sq. m. are allowed. In most rural communities, structures of up
to 300 sq. m. can be built on land exceeding 10,000 sq. m. It may also
be possible to change the zoning of land with the help of the local
municipality.
If you are interested in agricultural investments, you might consider
fruit farming or wine growing, which are one of the oldest economic
sectors in Armenia, with over 60,000 active entities in this industry.
The most popular forms of cultivation are grape, apricot, and peach.
Between 1998 and 2016, the territory of orchards doubled, and the yield
increased by 14.5% between 2008 and 2017 due to implementation of
innovative technologies. You may choose to buy an existing farm or set
up a new one, and you may be eligible for a government subsidy. Two
types of subsidies are available: compensation of up to 50% of costs
incurred in setting up a vineyard (orchard) or a low-interest rate loan
(2%) for a maximum amount of $2.9 million for vineyards, $5 million for
orchards, and $4.7 million for berry farms.

8. Corporate Changes and Dissolution

Corporate Amendments: Effecting changes within a company's framework
involves registering these amendments with the State Registry.
Alterations connected to the company's name, statutory capital, address,
or executive directorship necessitate amendments to the articles of
association. For Limited Liability Companies (LLCs), modifications in
shareholding must also be registered. Typically, documents submitted
undergo verification and registration within a two-day span. An
expedited registration option exists through fast-track service fees for
urgent cases (refer to the provided table for details).
Dissolution Guidelines: Dissolving a company mandates the announcement
of dissolution on the official website www.azdarar.am. This step
notifies creditors, affording them a two-month window to submit their
claims. The tax office, on the other hand, is granted 20 days for unpaid
tax claims, often following a tax audit. Company dissolution is
accompanied by collaboration with the National Archive for document
archiving and coordination with the Police to surrender the company's
stamp.
As an alternative to dissolution, a company can file a declaration with
the tax office, indicating its inactive status. Inactive (dormant)
companies remain registered but are exempt from tax return filings and
tax payments.
Reorganization: Reorganizing a company may encompass mergers, spin-offs,
split-offs, or alterations in corporate structure, such as transitioning
from an LLC to a Joint-Stock Company (JSC) or vice versa. Public
notifications are mandatory as part of the reorganization process,
serving to inform potential creditors.
Both dissolution and corporate amendments can be executed remotely by
your authorized lawyer or representative, equipped with the necessary
power of attorney. 

9. Armenia in International Rankings

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Index                 | Position              | Number of Countries   |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| World Bank Doing      | 47                    | 190                   |
| Business 2020         |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Index of Economic     | 47                    | 184                   |
| Freedom 2023          |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Global                | 69                    | 141                   |
| Competitiveness Index |                       |                       |
| 2019                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| WIPO Global           | 72                    | 132                   |
| Innovation Index 2023 |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Human Freedom Index   | 54                    | 100                   |
| 2023                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Global Law and Order  | 18                    | 120                   |
| 2023                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Prosperity Index 2023 | 61                    | 167                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Liberal Democracy     | 84                    | 167                   |
| Index 2023            |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| World Democracy Index | 84                    | 167                   |
| 2023                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Corruption            | 52                    | 180                   |
| Perceptions Index     |                       |                       |
| 2023                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Human Development     | 76                    | 193                   |
| Index 2023            |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Human Capital Index   | 82                    | 177                   |
| 2023                  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| Travel & Tourism      | 79                    | 140                   |
| Competitiveness 2019  |                       |                       |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Why Choose Us

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

Why Choose Armenia for Residency?

Interested in gaining residency in Armenia? Our Residency by Investment
program is an excellent pathway for investors looking to establish a
strong presence in the country. Discover how you can secure your future
and enjoy the numerous benefits Armenia offers. Learn more by visiting
our Residency by Investment page.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Recent Articles

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

Read More

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

Read More

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

Read More

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

Read More

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

Read More

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

Read More

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

Read More

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

Read More

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

Read More

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

Read More

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

Read More

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

Read More

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

Read More

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

Read More

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Read More

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

Read More

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Read More

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

Read More

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

Read More

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

Read More

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Read More

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Stay informed with our newsletter—get the latest news, legal updates, and expert advice on citizenship

Sign Up

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Useful links

Home

About Us

Blog

Cookie Policy

Privacy policy

Terms of Service

Categories

-   

    Business Registration

-   

    Residency by Investment

-   

    Residency for Digital Nomads

-   

    Armenian Citizenship

-   

    Passport Programs Worldwide

Contact

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

+37499001167

[]

[email protected]

Copyright 2024 Vardanyan & Partners, all rights reserved.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Legal Updates 

Our page provides the latest legal insights and updates for those
interested in immigration procedures in Armenia. Our blogs go beyond the
surface, offering in-depth analysis and expert commentary on the
implications of legal changes.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

[]

Discover a World of Benefits as an Entrepreneur or an Investor in Armenia

[]

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

[]

Investing in Armenia for Residency: A Comprehensive Guide to the Process

[]

A Digital Nomad’s Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

[]

Discover Paths to Residency in Armenia

[]

How to Secure Your Residency in Armenia through Investment: A Comprehensive Guide

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Employer of Record (EOR)

Employer of Record (EOR) services provide a range of benefits, offering
a comprehensive solution for businesses. These services play a crucial
role in mitigating liabilities and compliance risks, ensuring that
international ventures are streamlined and operate with increased
efficiency. By simplifying global operations, EOR services contribute to
cost-effectiveness, allowing businesses to allocate resources more
strategically.
Moreover, EOR services help in securing talent and intellectual
property, ensuring that companies can navigate immigration logistics
seamlessly. The transition of contractors into employees is facilitated
smoothly, providing a structured approach to workforce management.
One of the significant advantages of EOR services is the optimization of
operational taxes and employment costs, benefiting both local workers
and expatriates. This integrated approach to employment and compliance
offers businesses a holistic solution for their global operations.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

Overview of Employer of Record Services in Armenia

1

Employees v. Contractors

Discover the differences between employees and contractors to find the
more suitable option.

[]

learn more

2

Procedure for Hiring 

Explore details on the hiring process, encompassing the hiring
requirements, laws on leaves as well as overtime work compensation.

[]

learn more

3

Immigration Requirements for Foreign Employees

Delve into our dedicated section for requirements when hiring foreign
employees.

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2022.05.23 EOR

I am interested in:

Employer of record services

Payroll & benefits

Immigration (visa, work permit, residence permit, etc.)

Labor compliance

Tax compliance

Bank accounts

Registering a business (LLC, subsidiary, etc.)

OtherOther

Main line of business: * Please select from drop-down listIT, Software
DevelopmentOnline BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

Name

Email *

Questions and Comments

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Frequently Asked Questions

An Employer of Record (EOR) is a third-party organization that extends
its services to hire and manage employees on behalf of other companies,
alleviating the burden of formal employment responsibilities. By
undertaking comprehensive roles, an EOR ensures seamless operations and
compliance, encompassing key aspects such as:
•  Providing a registered entity for running a local, compliant payroll.
•  Ensuring immigration compliance by arranging for visas, work permits,
residence permits, etc.
•  Making sure that the labor laws pertaining to local and expat workers
are complied with
•  Advising the client of required notice periods, termination rules,
severance pay, etc.

[]

ARE EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS TREATED DIFFERENTLY?

Yes, the Armenian Labor Code encompasses a number of protections and
assurances for employees. These safeguards span from the rules related
to employment termination, including reasons and advance notifications,
to the expanse of leaves such as annual, sick, and maternity leaves.
Employees also enjoy the shield of limited liability, among other
guarantees. However, independent contractors lack specific legal
protection, enabling parties to stipulate diverse clauses in service
agreements based on the tenets of contractual freedom. Thus, from an
employer's perspective, engaging workers as contractors instead of
employees generally offers distinct advantages. As for the contractors
themselves, they could potentially benefit from lower business tax rates
(ranging from 0% to 5%) by having a services agreement, in contrast to
the personal income tax rate of 21% in Armenia.
The distinction between an employee and a contractor is not always very
clear and there is a risk of misclassification. Similar to the laws of
many other countries, a number of considerations can be taken into
account to assess the independence level of the worker, including the
following:
•  Achieve a certain result v. work in a certain position
•  Free work schedule v. specific work hours
•  Work independently v. following the orders of the employer
•  Work with other clients v. work exclusively for the employer
•  Payment for results of work v. periodic payment of salary
•  Using one's own tools v. using tools provided by the employer
•  Ability to delegate duties to others v. work in person
Misclassification risks should not be underestimated. Though fines might
not exceed approximately $130 per violation, disputes could lead to more
substantial implications. Legal battles may span years, potentially
culminating in an employer's obligation to reinstate a former worker and
provide backdated average salaries during the dispute. This lingering
liability can lead to significant financial burdens.

[]

WHAT ARE THE TAXES INVOLVED?

In Armenia, a baseline rule entails a 20% personal income tax deduction
from salaries, multiple factors come into play to determine an
individual's tax liabilities.
Employer's Tax Regime:
Certain employers, enjoying special tax privileges, extend the benefit
of reduced tax rates to their workforce. An exemplary instance lies with
IT companies certified by the Ministry of High Tech. Such companies,
employing up to 30 individuals, relish a distinct tax regime where
employee salaries are taxed at an advantageous 10%, rather than the
conventional 21%. Further, tax incentives extend to IT entities
generating over 10 job opportunities in a single month.
Employees of "microbusinesses," denoting enterprises with yearly sales
under approximately $60,000, adhere to a simplified flat income tax.
This amounts to AMD 5,000 (around $13) per month, providing a
straightforward tax approach for qualifying individuals.
Employee vs. Independent Contractor Taxation:
In the realm of employee and independent contractor taxation,
differences emerge. Employees typically encounter automatic tax
withholding, exempting them from filing or paying taxes directly.
Conversely, independent contractors possess the option to register as
taxpayers, often classified as "private entrepreneurs." This avenue
empowers independent contractors to significantly lower their tax
burden. Those with annual incomes not exceeding around $290,000 can
potentially reduce taxes to 5%. In specific scenarios, annual incomes
not surpassing $60,000 might even lead to a tax rate of 0%.

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Header          | Regular         | Employee of an  | Independent     |
|                 | Employee        | IT Company      | Contractor      |
+=================+=================+=================+=================+
| Gross Salary    | $40,000         | $40,000         | $40,000         |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Personal Income | $8,000 (20%)    | $4,000 (10%)    | $157 + $2,000   |
| Tax             |                 |                 | turnover tax    |
|                 |                 |                 | (5%)            |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Social          | $1,902          | $1,902          | $157            |
| (Pension)       |                 |                 |                 |
| Payment         |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Military Stamp  | $383            | $383            | $255            |
| Duty            |                 |                 |                 |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
| Net Salary      | $29,715         | $33,715         | $37,431         |
+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+

Resident vs. Non-Resident Workers:
The immigration status of a worker may have an impact on tax
liabilities. In addition to the standard 21% personal income tax,
employers are obliged to deduct social (pension) contributions,
typically ranging from 5% to 10% of the salary, with an upper cap around
$160 per month. Additionally, military contributions, approximately $3
to $30 per month, are applicable. It's crucial to note that these
contributions exclusively apply to Armenian residents, specifically
individuals holding residence permits or equivalent immigration
documents.
Double Tax Treaties:
Double tax treaties emerge as pivotal tools that can alleviate tax
obligations. These treaties hold the potential to exempt employers from
the requirement to withhold the 21% personal income tax, contingent on
the worker being a tax resident of a nation with which Armenia holds a
treaty. To avail this exemption, the worker must furnish the employer
with a tax residence certificate from their country of residence.
Armenia has established double tax treaties with an array of nations,
extending benefits to employers and workers alike. Presently, these
treaties encompass a diverse range of countries, including Austria,
Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech
Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece,
Hungary, India, Indonesia, Iran, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Kuwait,
Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova,
Netherlands, Poland, Qatar, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Singapore,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria, Tajikistan,
Thailand, Turkmenistan, UAE, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom.

[]

WHAT IS REQUIRED TO HIRE AN EMPLOYEE?

Employers initiate the process by requesting the employee's
identification document, such as a passport or national ID, along with
their Social Security Number (SSN). These preliminary documents lay the
foundation for accurate record-keeping.
For foreign nationals planning to work within Armenia's borders, a work
permit might be necessary. However, specific exemptions apply,
particularly for nationals from certain countries, such as the EAEU
member states. Additionally, specialized professionals in fields like
natural sciences, information technologies, finance, and management also
enjoy work permit exemptions.
The employment agreement (or the employer's decision to hire the
employee) shall contain information on the duties of the worker, the
place of work, the term of the agreement (for a fixed or indefinite
term, etc.), start date, probation period (if any), salary, bonuses and
other compensation, working hours, annual leave, etc. If the worker is a
foreigner the agreement shall also clarify who will bear the costs
related to transportation to/from Armenia, accommodation, insurance,
address registration, etc.
Electronic signatures hold legal validity in Armenia.
Armenian tax laws require employers to electronically notify the tax
office of any new hires of employees or individual service providers. 

[]

WHAT IS REQUIRED TO FIRE AN EMPLOYEE?

In the Armenian employment landscape, early termination of an employment
agreement is generally reserved for specific causes. However, this
constraint does not extend to services agreements, which can be
concluded according to their designated terms.
Employees can terminate their employment agreement through written
notification, provided at least 30 days in advance. Employer can
terminate the agreement for cause, such as
1. A two-month notice is required in cases of employer dissolution or
layoffs prompted by shifts in production necessity, economic conditions,
technological factors, or labor organization.
2. For non-compliance with position requirements or job duties due to
health issues or incompetence, the notice period ranges from 14 to 60
days, contingent on the employee's length of service. Termination notice
is applicable if an employee experiences long-term disability (120
consecutive days or 140 days within a year) or reaches the age of
retirement.
3. Without notice, in case of regular failure by employee to perform
his/her duties without a valid reason; loss of confidence in employee;
employee reporting to work under influence of alcohol or drugs;
employee's absence from work for a whole working day (shift), without a
valid reason.
Certain circumstances necessitate severance payments, ranging from 10 to
44 days' wages. This compensation is due when agreements terminate due
to employer dissolution or layoffs, as well as performance-related
issues.

[]

WHAT ARE THE TIME-OFF BENEFITS?

In Armenia, a collection of 12 public holidays punctuates the calendar,
each holding significance in the country's cultural fabric. These
holidays are as follows:
January 1-2: New Year Days
January 6: Christmas Day
January 28: Army Day
March 8: International Women's Day
April 24: Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day
May 1: International Workers' Day
May 9: Victory and Peace Day
May 28: Republic Day
July 5: Constitution Day
September 21: Independence Day
December 31: New Year Day
Employment regulations in Armenia mandate an annual leave entitlement of
20 business days for employees. Notably, any unused portion of this
leave can be carried forward to subsequent years. However, it's
essential to utilize these accrued days within 18 months.
According to Armenian labor laws employees must be afforded a minimum
30-minute lunch break. This break is to be provided after the completion
of half of the day's working hours, ensuring a fair distribution within
the workday. Importantly, this lunch break must be allocated within the
first 4 hours of work.

[]

WHAT ARE THE LAWS ON SICK LEAVE AND MATERNITY LEAVE? 

In Armenia, employees are required to provide a medical certificate,
usually obtained from a local polyclinic or other recognized medical
facility, as evidence of their sickness. For the initial five business
days of illness, employers are responsible for compensation, covering
80% of the regular wage. Following this initial period, the government
steps in to provide financial support in the form of tax credits.
Maternity leave extends for a standard duration of 140 days,
thoughtfully divided into 70 days before childbirth and 70 days
post-delivery. The payment of maternity benefits follows a distinctive
arrangement. Employers are entrusted with disbursing these benefits,
with the government intervening by providing financial assistance. This
assistance takes the form of an income tax credit granted to the
employer, equivalent to the sum of the benefits due.
Armenia offers a paid paternity leave of five business days. This period
can be utilized within a 30-day window following the child's birth.

[]

HOW IS OVERTIME WORK COMPENSATED?

Overtime work is allowed in certain situations where, for example, the
discontinuation of the work will result in material damages to the
employer or a breach of its contractual obligations. The maximum
allowable overtime duration is limited to four hours every two days and
180 hours annually. This extra effort, whether regular or overtime,
should not exceed 12 hours daily or 48 hours weekly. However, it's
important to note that these overtime limitations don't apply to
managerial positions detailed in the employer's internal guidelines.
Employees might be requested to work during non-working hours or on
non-working days, commonly known as on-call work. However, this practice
should not occur more than once weekly and is capped at eight hours per
day. If on-call work extends beyond these limits, employees have the
right to either request compensatory time off in the following month or
to have the extra time added to their annual vacation allowance.
Monetary compensation is also an option.
Certain circumstances warrant increased compensation rates:
Overtime Work: Requires a 50% premium on the regular wage.
Night Work (10 PM to 6 AM): Entails a 30% premium.
Work on Public Holidays and Non-working Days: Mandates a 100% premium
(or the alternative of an extra day off).

[]

IS MEDICAL INSURANCE REQUIRED BY LAW?

Armenian employment law generally doesn't mandate employers to provide
benefits, including medical insurance, to their employees. However, many
companies extend medical insurance to their workforce on an optional
basis. This provision allows employees to access health insurance
benefits based on their personal preferences.
Health insurance coverage is available through all licensed insurance
companies in Armenia, which currently number six. These companies
provide diverse health insurance packages catering to different needs
and preferences. The associated costs typically range between $300 to
$600 per annum for each employee.
Health Insurance Providers:
SIL Insurance
Armenia Insurance
Ingo Armenia
Nairi Insurance
RESO Insurance
Liga Insurance (formerly ROSGOSSTRAKH Armenia)
Employers' contributions towards health insurance come with specific tax
implications. Payments of up to approximately $300 (AMD 10,000 per
month) per employee annually are deemed non-taxable income for
employees. However, any payments surpassing this threshold will attract
taxation at the standard rate.

[]

WHEN AND HOW SALARIES ARE PAID? WHAT IS THE AVERAGE SALARY? IS THERE A MINIMUM WAGE?

Armenian employment regulations mandate that monthly salaries be
processed through bank transfers, ensuring employees receive their wages
not later than the 15th day of the following month. Payments in Armenia
predominantly occur in the local currency, Armenian drams.
As of 2023, the average monthly salary in Armenia stands at
approximately $690. However, the dynamic IT industry bucks this trend,
offering more competitive compensation. Junior positions commence at
around $800, while mid-level and senior roles command salaries ranging
from $1,500 to $3,500.
As of 2023, the minimum monthly salary in Armenia, established at AMD
75,000 (equivalent to $195), serves as a fundamental benchmark ensuring
fair remuneration. Furthermore, the minimum hourly wages are as follows:
AMD 406 ($1,06) for a 40-hour work week
AMD 454 ($1,19) for a 36-hour work week
AMD 680 ($1.78) for a 24-hour work week

[]

WHAT ARE THE RULES ON PROBATION AND FIXED-TERM AGREEMENTS?

When an employee is under probation, the employer reserves the right to
terminate the agreement by providing a notice period of three days. The
designated probation period is established within the employment
agreement, and typically spans no more than three months.
Armenia's labor framework accommodates fixed-term agreements under
specific circumstances. These agreements serve as alternatives when
indefinite-term arrangements are impractical due to work nature or
conditions. Fixed-term agreements find relevance in the following
scenarios:
1. Seasonal Work.
2. Temporary Assignments: Appropriate for tasks lasting up to two
months.
3. Temporary Replacement: Suits instances where an absent employee is
temporarily replaced.
4. Foreign Worker Hiring: Suitable for the duration of a foreign
worker's residence permit.
5. Retiree Employment: Pertinent when hiring individuals past retirement
age.
It's important to note that a presumption exists in Armenia that a
fixed-term agreement transforms into an indefinite agreement if it's
extended or renewed within one month following the previous agreement's
expiration. However, this presumption doesn't apply if the work's nature
or conditions render indefinite agreements unfeasible.

[]

WHAT ARE THE IMMIGRATION REQUIREMENTS FOR FOREIGN WORKERS?

Foreign workers seeking employment in Armenia must adhere to several key
immigration requirements. The following guidelines are broadly
applicable to foreign workers:
Visa Procurement: Many nationals from European, post-Soviet, US, China,
Iran, Korea, and numerous other countries enjoy visa exemptions. For
others, obtaining an e-visa through an online application is a
straightforward process. However, nationals from select African and
Asian nations still require embassy-issued sticker visas. More detailed
visa information can be accessed here.
Work Permit: Before engaging in any work for an Armenian employer, a
work permit is usually mandatory. Notably, nationals of EAEU countries
(Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan) are exempt from work permit
requirements. Exemptions also extend to specialists educated in various
fields such as information technology, management, finance, and
agriculture. Further insights on work permits can be found here.
Residence Permit: As of 2022, employment-based residence permits and
work permits are issued as a single document – the residence card.
Foreign workers who are exempt from work permit requirements may still
require a residence permit if their stay in Armenia surpasses 180 days.
Additional details on residence permits are accessible here.
Address Registration: Upon obtaining an Armenian residence permit,
foreign individuals must register their local address with the nearest
police office within 15 days. An exception exists for Russian nationals
due to an international agreement, that the address registration grants
them indefinite stay rights even without a residence permit.
Social Security Numbers: Typically issued with the employment-based
residence permit, a social security number is a standard requirement.
For those who don't need a residence permit, obtaining a social security
number from a local police office is essential. EAEU nationals must
secure an SSN before commencing work in Armenia for an Armenian
employer.
Family Members' Residence Permits: For foreign employees accompanied by
family members, the need for residence permits is extended. Such
applications are often made after the main applicant secures their
residence permit. Notably, EAEU nationals and their family members enjoy
the exception of applying for residence

[]

WHAT IS THE INCORPORATION PROCESS?

There are various options for registering an entity in Armenia:
•  Subsidiary under Foreign Ownership
•  Branch Office of a Foreign Company
•  Individually-Owned Companies: This includes options like Limited
Liability Companies (LLCs) and Joint-Stock Companies (JSCs)
There are generally no restrictions on foreign ownership. The
incorporation process is straightforward and normally takes from a few
days to a few weeks. We recommend checking the incorporation page for
more details.

[]

HOW IS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (IP) PROTECTED IN ARMENIA?

Armenia is a member country of the Berne Convention, TRIPS (WTO), WIPO
Copyright Treaty, the Paris Convention, and Patent Cooperation Treaty
(“PCT”).
Contractual requirements for obtaining ownership of intellectual
property differ for contractors and employees.

+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Header  |         | E       | Con     |         |         |         |
|         |         | mployee | tractor |         |         |         |
+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+=========+
|         |         |         | Ag      | Geogr   | Obl     | D       |
|         |         |         | reement | aphical | igation | uration |
|         |         |         | after   | Scope   | to      | of      |
|         |         |         | Com     |         | E       | Ass     |
|         |         |         | pletion |         | xercise | ignment |
|         |         |         | of Work |         | the     |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | Rights  |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | A       |         |
|         |         |         |         |         | ssigned |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Co      |         | Yes     | Not     | Wo      | Not     | Pe      |
| pyright |         |         | R       | rldwide | r       | rpetual |
|         |         |         | equired |         | equired |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
| Patent  |         | No      | Not     | Wo      | Not     | Pe      |
|         |         | unless  | R       | rldwide | r       | rpetual |
|         |         | a       | equired |         | equired |         |
|         |         | ssigned |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | in      |         |         |         |         |
|         |         | writing |         |         |         |         |
+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+

[]

WHAT ARE THE DATA PROTECTION LAWS IN ARMENIA?

Data protection is regulated by Personal Data Protection Act. It
contains the procedural and substantive data protection obligations
concerning the processing of personal data, i.e. information that can
lead to identification of a natural person. Processing is a broad term
encompassing the collection, input, systematization, organization,
storage, use, alternation, restoration, transfer, rectification,
blocking, and deletion of personal data. Certain categories of personal
data are subject to specialized legal provisions, including those linked
to state secrets, banking, notarial, and insurance confidentiality,
legal professional privilege, anti-money laundering, and more. These
sectors adhere to distinct laws for data protection. Compliance with
Personal Data Protection Act is overseen by the Personal Data Protection
Agency of the Ministry of Justice. Non-compliance may result in
administrative penalties (fines of up to $1,000) or criminal penalties
in the form of monetary fines or imprisonment. Contracts related to
employment or outsourcing often encompass clauses that address
data-centric considerations. These may involve data ownership, transfer,
confidentiality, processing protocols, technological and information
security methodologies, and provisions for compensating breaches.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

Contact us:
[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | Skype | WhatsApp | Viber

  Employer of Record

 Armenia 2022  

Citizenship by Residence Armenia 2022 

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

Citizenship based on Residence (last updated December 19, 2022)

Requirements

Requirement No. 1: Proof of Residence

You can qualify for Armenian citizenship if you have permanently resided
in Armenia for the last 3 years (i.e. the 3 years preceding the
application for citizenship). The Citizenship Law does not define the
term "permanent resident." In practice, the Police accepts and processes
a citizenship application if the applicant has maintained an Armenian
residence permit (temporary, permanent or special) during this 3-year
period, irrespective of the number of days he/she actually spent in
Armenia. However, it is important to leave no gaps between the residence
permits. In other words, the Police may reject your application if your
status as a resident of Armenia was interrupted (e.g. your first
residence permit expires on October 15th but the second permit is issued
on November 1st).

Requirement No 2: Knowledge of Armenian Language and Constitution

You will need to pass a test on the knowledge of the Armenian
Constitution before the citizenship application is accepted (normally
this happens on the same day). It is an easy multiple-choice test with
33 questions, and you need to answer correctly to 17 of them. However,
the test is in Armenian, and you will also be asked to fill out an
application-questionnaire in Armenian language. Thus you may have to
spend some time learning basic Armenian (probably around 20-30 lessons
with a tutor) before attempting to apply for citizenship. 

Procedure

Step 1. Citizenship Application

You will need to submit your application in person in Armenia at
the Passport and Visa Department of the Police (also known as "OVIR").
The main documents to be presented will be your passport, a legalized
and translated birth certificate and your residence permit(s) showing
three years of residency. The application process (including taking the
test) normally takes one day. However, the documents (passport, birth
certificate, etc.) have to be translated and notarized in advance, hence
it is recommended to plan to stay in Armenia for 3-5 business days. The
processing of the citizenship application normally takes four months (90
business days) and involves agencies such as the Police, the National
Security Service and the President's Office. If the Police intends to
reject the application it will forward the case to the inter-agency
committee on citizenship matters under the Ministry of Justice. In this
case, the process may take up to six months.

Step 2. Obtaining a Passport

After (if) your citizenship application is granted by the President you
will be notified of it (typically, through a text message) and will be
invited to apply for a passport and/or a national ID card. If you are a
male under the age of 55 you will also have to register with the
military office. For more information on military registration please
check the page on citizenship (under #11. Military Registration &
Service). It is possible to get the passport and the national ID card in
only 1, 3, or 5 business days by paying the corresponding fast-track
service fees. You will have to sign the oath of allegiance before you
collect the documents. Military registration, if applicable, may take
1-3 business days and it precedes the issuance of document.

Frequently Asked Questions

[]

#1. Can I use a translator or a digital translator app to take the test?

Unfortunately, it is no longer possible to use the services of a
translator to take the test. The multiple-choice test on the knowledge
of the Armenian constitution is also used to test your knowledge of
Armenian. It is assumed that you know basic Armenian if 1) you can take
the test on your own and 2) you can fill out
the application-quetionnaire in Armenian. Thus, it will not be possible
to use a translator or a digital translator app or even any notes. 

[]

#2. How can I prepare for the test? How long it will take? 

There are tutors who can teach basic Armenian to English-speaking
individuals either in person or remotely via online lessons. The
duration of such preparation will depend on its intensity (number of
lessons per week) and also the abilities of the student. On average it
is likely that around 25 online lessons will be needed and, depending on
the intensity of the training, they may take one to three months. Please
note that the Armenian language has its own alphabet (script).

[]

#3. Are the questions always the same and is the order of the questions the same each time? Or are they mixed up?

The 33 questions are the same. To the best of our knowledge, the
questions are always in the same order.  

[]

#4. Is the test taken on the same day on which the application is filed? When will I know the results of the test?

In practice, yes, the test is administered on the same day, immediately
before the the application is accepted. However, please note that the
law allows the Passport Office to schedule the test within two business
after the filing. 

You will be told the results of the test immediately after taking it. 

[]

#5. How will I take the test? Am I required to speak Armenian?

The test is taken on paper. You will mark the correct answers with a
blue ink pen. 

In principle, you are not required to be able to communicate verbally in
Armenian. We have a letter from the Passport Office that confirms that
both elements of testing the knowledge of Armenian (i.e. the
Constitution test and the appliction-questionnaire) are in writing and,
therefore, the official administering the test should not expect you to
converse in Armenian.

[]

#6. How many times shall I visit the Passport Office?

Normally, one visit to the Passport Office is sufficient to take the
test, fill out the application-questionnaire and file the documents. If
your application is approved (3-6 months after the filing) you will
probably have to visit the Passport Office a second time to complete the
formalities (military registration, if applicable, oath of allegiance,
collecting the passport and the ID card). This second step can also be
completed at the Armenian embassy (consulate) in your country but it is
advisable to check this directly with the embassy (consulate).

[]

#7. What are the military duty obligations? 

All male citizens aged 16 to 55 are required to register with the
military office. Males aged 18 to 26 may be subject to mandatory
two-year military service. Therefore, if you fall within this age
category you may want to postpone applying for citizenship until you
reach the age of 27. For more information on military registration
please check the page on citizenship (under #11. Military Registration &
Service).

[]

#8. How can the family members acquire citizenship?

Your minor children (under 18) can obtain citizenship upon your request.
They do not need to go through a separate naturalization process, and
can receive their passports within one or several business days if you
pay the fast-track service fees. The notarized consent of the other
(non-citizen) parent, as well as his/her passport and marriage
certificate will be required.
Your adult children (above 18) need to go through a separate
naturalization process by showing a separate legal basis for the
application.

Parents of an Armenian citizen (minor or adult), as well as
the spouse of an Armenian citizen, who has been in registered marriage
with the Armenian citizen for the last two years and has legally resided
in Armenia for at least 365 days during that period (in practice,
applications are accepted if the spouse has maintained a residence
permit for 365 days, irrespective of the number of days he/she actually
spent in Armenia), can apply for citizenship. A legalized birth
certificate of the child (in case of parents) and marriage certificate
(in case of a spouse) will be required in addition to the applicant’s
passport and birth certificate.
The applicants will need to pass the test on the knowledge of the
Armenian Constitution before the citizenship application is accepted.
The test is in Armenian, however, as they are exempted from language
requirements, they are allowed to take the test with the assistance of a
licensed translator.

Your spouse, parents, children, siblings, grandparents, and
grandchildren can also get a temporary (1-year) residence permit. A
permanent (5-year) residence permit may be available after 3 years of
residence in Armenia.

[]

#9. When can the citizenship application be rejected and what is the process for appealing the rejection? 

Please note that if you successfully take the Constitution test and your
documents are accepted by the Passport Office it does not mean that your
application for citizenship will be automatically approved. There are
several agencies involved in the process which may oppose to the
application (Police, National Security Service (NSS), President's Office
and sometimes the Inter-Agency Committee on Citizenship Matters). While
the final decision on granting or rejecting the application is issued by
the President's Office it seems that the position of the NSS that has
more weight. The NSS is not a transparent institution and they do not
publicize the criteria according to which they evaluate the cases.
However, it is reasonable to assume that they check the background of
the applicant through various security databases and consider other
circumstances such as the applicant's citizenship and ties to Armenia. 

If the application for citizenship is rejected the applicant will
normally be notified of this with a text message. In other words, there
will be no formal letter explaining the reasons behind the rejection.
That being said, the Law on Citizenship provides for only one legal
ground for rejecting a citizenship application, namely, a "reasonable
suspicion" that the applicant may harm the national security, public
order, health or morals, or the rights, freedoms, or good reputation of
others.  

The applicant will have two months to appeal the rejection in court. The
complaint will be formally filed against the President's Office.
However, the judge of the administrative court will engage other
agencies involved the process, including the NSS, to understand the
reasons behind the rejection. If the NSS is unable to justify its
position that the applicant poses a threat to the national security,
etc. it is likely that the court will rule in favor of the applicant and
will order the President's Office to grant the citizenship. That being
said, it is not certain how the judge(s) in question will interpret the
term "permanent residence," namely, whether that term implies that the
applicant had to physically spend a certain number of days in Armenia.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney LL.M. Georgetown University New York Bar | Armenian Chamber of Advocates

We are a team of licensed lawyers based in Armenia. Our primary
commitment is to provide quality service to clients at a compelling
value that helps manage risk, overcome regulatory issues and advance
their personal and business goals.

[]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why Us

-   []

    Fully Licensed

-   []

    10+ Years of Experience

-   []

    Quick Communication

-   []

    Honest & Ethical

-   []

    Fluent in English

-   []

    Result-Based Fees

-   []

    Secure Online Payments

-   []

    No Hidden Charges

-   []

    Liability Insurance

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright 2022 - Vardanyan & Partners LLC

[] Insert Content Template or Symbol

[]



[]

[]

Contact us:
[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | Skype | WhatsApp | Viber | IMO

Business Opportunities in Armenia 2020  

Investment Opportunities in Armenia 2021 

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

8,045 Sq. M. (1.99 Ac) Vineyard and Apricot Orchard for Sale in Lenughi, $22,000

An error occurred.

Try watching this video on www.youtube.com, or enable JavaScript if it
is disabled in your browser.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Property Description

This property of 8,045 sq. m. consists of a vineyard and a small apricot
orchard (20 trees) and is located in Lenughi village, Armavir province
(Ararat Valley). The land borders one of the main asphalted roads of the
village and is very easily accessible from Yerevan via M5 highway. It is
located near the famous Sardarapat Memorial (10 minutes' driving
distance). The property is zoned as agricultural. 

Details

+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Size                              | 8,045 sq. m. (1.99 Ac)            |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Asking Price                      | $22,000                           |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Asking Price per Sq. M.           | $2.73                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Vineyard Area                     | 8,000 sq. m.                      |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Yield                             | 15 t                              |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Return on Investment (Est.)       | 12%                               |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Grape Varieties                   | Kangun                            |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Altitude                          | 886 m                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Temperature                       | -13° C (January); +38° C (July)   |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Hours of Sunshine per Year        | 2,700                             |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Annual Rainfall                   | 270                               |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Seller Financing                  | Yes                               |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Parcel Numbers                    | 04-044-0154-0002                  |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| GPS Coordinates (approx.)         | 40.125337; 43.970502              |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Annual Property Taxes             | $43 (AMD 21,000)                  |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Zoning                            | Agricultural                      |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| Access                            | M5 Highway                        |
+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

Location & Distance

Lenughi is a village in Armavir province (Ararat Valley), at 890 m above
sea level. It was established in 1928 as a state-owned farm ("sovkhoz").
It is currently a village with 472 households and a population of 1,672,
engaged in gardening, fruit growing and cattle breeding. The "MAP"
brandy and wine factory is located in Lenughi.

Summers are hot and clear; the winters are short, freezing, and partly
cloudy; and it is dry year round. The hot season lasts for 3.5 months
from June 3 to September 19, with an average daily high temperature
above 28°C. The cold season lasts for 2.9 months, from December 1 to
February 25, with an average daily high temperature below 9°C. The
climate is dry and continental with annual precipitation of 250-300 mm. 

Distance from major cities/towns:

-   Yerevan – 53 km (55 min.)
-   Ejmiadzin (Vagharshapat) – 32 km (33 min.)
-   Armavir – 11 km (15 min.)

Opportunities

-   []

    Vineyard

-   []

    Greenhouse

-   []

    Solar energy

-   []

    Buy and hold

-   []

    Poultry

-   []

    Tiny house, mobile home

-   []

    Park RV or travel trailer

-   []

    Drying Farm

-   []

    Orchard

-   []

    Vegetable farm

-   []

    Beekeeping

-   []

    Raw Crop

-   []

    Raise Livestock

-   []

    Cool Storage

FAQ

How does the closing process work? 

We will need the passport copies of everyone you would like on the deed
as well as a power of attorney (POA) to purchase the property. Please
note that both the POA and the passport copies must be legalized
(Apostille or consular legalization). Once the preliminary purchase
agreement is signed and the price is paid we will have the transfer deed
executed and notarized and will record your ownership rights at the
Cadastre. We will send you the ownership certificate issued by the
Cadastre. 

[]

How does seller financing work? 

With seller financing, the title will be transferred to you immediately.
However, the property will be encumbered by the seller's rights and can
be repossessed if the installments are not paid on time.

[]

How many people can be included on the deed? 

You can have as many people listed on the deed as you would like.

[]

Can the deed be made out to an LLC? 

Yes, the deed can be made out to an LLC or corporation, whether
registered in Armenia or abroad.

Can I build on the property?

In general, unless the land is rezoned as residential or commercial, it
is not allowed to build on agricultural land, with the exception of
small buildings of up to 30 sq. m. In certain communities it is allowed
to build structures of up to 300 sq. m. if the size of the land is in
excess of 10,000 sq. m. 

In other cases, you will be required to change the zoning of the land.
This is possible to do with the assistance of the local municipality.
Normally, a business plan or other supporting documents need to be
provided together with the application. 

Has a title search been done? 

Yes. Armenian law prohibits any sale of property without obtaining a
clean title certificate from the Cadastre showing that the property is
not encumbered or otherwise restricted. 

Are taxes up to date? 

Yes. Armenian law prohibits any sale of property without paying all
outstanding taxes. 

Can I visit the property?

Yes, you can certainly visit the property at any time. 

Does the property have an address?

No, land plots zoned as agricultural are not assigned addresses in
Armenia. However, you can plug the approximate GPS coordinates into
Google Maps in order to locate the property (as shown above).

Has a survey been done?

All properties in Armenia have been measured and registered in the
single registry maintained by the Cadastre. Irregularities with
boundaries are quite rare. It is possible to hire a surveyor (measurer)
to redraw the map of the lot and make sure there are no discrepancies
between the actual boundaries and the boundaries as shown on the
cadastral map.

Are RVs allowed? 

There are no restrictions on parking vehicles, including RVs, travel
trailers, etc. 

Benefits of Investment in Land

-   []

    Tangible Asset

-   []

    Increasing Demand

-   []

    Limited Supply

-   []

    Low Cost to Own

-   []

    Low Cost to Maintain

-   []

    Potential for Passive Income

-   []

    Potential for Quick Profit

-   []

    Flexibility to Build or Hold

7 Reasons for Investing in Armenian Property

1. 100% Foreign Ownership

Foreigners can be 100% owners of real estate in Armenia: they can
acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequest and otherwise dispose of their
property on equal basis with locals. Foreigners do not need to have a
residence permit or otherwise show any links to Armenia. Agricultural
land can be owned through a legal entity.

2. Fast & Safe Registration

The entire process of buying a property in Armenia can take only a few
days. Armenia ranks very high – the 13th – among 190 countries on the
World Bank’s “Registering Property” index which measures both the
efficiency and the quality of the property registration system. By way
of comparison, the U.S. ranks 39th, the U.K. – 41st, , France – 99th.

3. No Gift or Inheritance Taxes

Armenia does not have gift or estate taxes.

4. No Tax on Capital Gains

Capital gains on the sale of real property by an individual are
generally not taxed. 

5. Low Property Taxes

Tax real estate tax rates are in the range of 0% to 1% of the cadastral
value which is normally significantly lower than the market value.

6. No Stamp Duties

There are no stamp duties. Only small official fees are paid and they do
not depend on the value of the real estate.

7. Residency & Citizenship

Armenia offers temporary, permanent and special residence to foreign
business people as well as citizenship-by-exception to important
investors. Investing in real estate may qualify you for such immigration
benefits. 

Legal & Taxes

[]

#1. Foreign Ownership of Real Property

Foreigners can be 100% owners of real estate in Armenia: they can
acquire, hold, lease, sell, bequest and otherwise dispose of their
property on equal basis with locals. Foreigners do not need to have a
residence permit or otherwise show any links to Armenia.  At the same
time, investing in real estate might qualify you for a temporary or
permanent residence permit. The only restriction applies to foreign
ownership of agricultural land. When buying agricultural land in Armenia
a foreigner may need to set up a legal entity and acquire the land in
the name of that entity. Agricultural land can also be directly owned by
foreigners who have special residency status in Armenia.

[]

#2. Ownership Structure

Sole Ownership 

Irrespective of your marital status you may choose to buy the property
in your sole name.

In most countries marital laws specify that assets acquired during the
marriage are jointly held by both spouses, irrespective of by whom they
may have been purchased (community property). The position in Armenia is
generally no different. In the case of a married couple, the civil law
acts as though the property were in joint ownership on an equal basis
(50-50), unless there were specific provisions to the contrary in the
marriage contract. Thus, your spouse will be considered as a co-owner of
the property whether or not his/her name was included in the purchase
agreement. 

Armenian law does not recognize "common law  marriages." If you live
together but are not married, Armenian law grants no automatic rights of
permanent occupation or ownership to your partner. In the absence of a
will, the partner will not have any inheritance rights either. 

A single person who buys a property in Armenia and subsequently gets
married, may enter into a marriage contract, in which the spouses can
stipulate that the property is brought within the terms of the marriage
contract. 

Joint Ownership

Joint ownership exists when the property is purchased by two or more
persons, with each one holding a stake in the property in whatever terms
that may be decided between them. In the case of a couple this would
normally be in equal shares but, where there are more than two
purchasers, it may be in proportion to the amount each person
contributed in financing the purchase e.g. 70% / 20% / 10%. In common
law the equivalent is the ‘tenancy in common’.

All the owners are entitled to participate in decisions concerning the
property. The law requires decisions concerning the property to be made
unanimously. One or several owners can demand that the property be sold,
unless it is possible for their shares to be physically separated or the
other owners are willing to buy these shares. If no agreement can be
reached it may be necessary to apply to the court for an order to be
obtained authorizing the sale of the property.

One of the owners can also dispose by way of sale or gift the part of
the property he/she owns. In case of sale of their part of the property
they are obliged to grant a right of preemption to existing owners. This
rule does not apply where disposal is by way of gift or inheritance.
Other owners have one month to exercise their preemption rights. 

Company Ownership

It is possible to buy property in Armenia using a local or foreign
limited company that has a distinct legal identity from that of its
shareholders,

The main reasons for owning Armenian property through a company are:

-   To allow purchase of the property by multiple persons;
-   To provide stability and continuity in the ownership and management
    of family property;
-   To facilitate the transfer and ownership of property;
-   To avoid the constraints of inheritance laws;
-   To create tax advantages;
-   To protect the family home from business creditors.

 There may also be tax disadvantages to this solution, notably in
relation to withholding taxes and capital gains tax.

[]

#3. Establishing Good Title

The clean title certificate (in Armenian - միասնական տեղեկանք) is issued
by the Cadastre and shows the registered ownership as well as other
rights and encumbrances over the property, including liens, mortgages,
tenancies, easements etc. It is the most important document in the due
diligence process and, in many cases, the single document on which the
buyers rely. The certificate is valid for 15 business days during which
the agreement (preliminary and/or final) must be executed. If the 15-day
period lapses a new certificate will have to be obtained. An application
for a clean title certificate can be filed by the seller, the buyer or
any other interested party. 

The existence of other interests in the property, such as easements,
rights of heirs etc., cannot always be entirely verified by the clean
title certificate. There may be persons who have a right of prior
acquisition, or preemption, on the sale of a property. There may also be
unauthorized alterations or additions carried out to the property that
have not been declared to the planning authority. For building land, the
certificate merely states that the land is zoned for construction; it
will subsequently be necessary to obtain full planning consent (building
permit).

[]

#4. Preliminary Agreement

A preliminary agreement does not transfer the property, but specifies a
future date or period during which the property will be transferred, and
may set out the conditions (contingencies) which must be satisfied
before closing occurs. Signing a preliminary agreement is not a
mandatory step and you may proceed to closing the sale directly.
However, having a preliminary agreement may be useful if you are not
ready to close the sale immediately but want to secure the property and
have a legally binding agreement.

A preliminary agreement may become necessary if the final sale is
dependent on contingencies, such as:

-   Securing a mortgage or other financing;
-   Clearing the property from liens;
-   Carrying out an appraisal;
-   Obtaining other documents/permits, such as the consent of the
    guardianship (municipal) authority if one of the sellers is a minor.

A preliminary agreement must be notarized to be legally enforceable.
Although preliminary agreements are generally not formally registered it
is advisable to file a copy with the Cadastre to minimize the
possibility of the seller breaching the contract by selling the property
to a third party.

Typically, at this stage the buyer will pay a deposit to the seller. The
amount of the deposit may vary and shall be agreed upon by the parties.

A preliminary agreement is a mutually binding instrument. Once it is
validly signed, neither party may walk away from the deal, unless one or
more of the contingencies is not met. If either party fails to observe
the agreement's terms, the other party will have a range of legal
remedies open to him. As a minimum, a defaulting buyer risks his
deposit. It is common to stipulate that a defaulting seller must pay
double the amount of the deposit as a penalty. Unless otherwise
stipulated, a court may order specific performance to compel the parties
to complete the transfer.

[]

#5. Purchase and Sale Agreement (Deed of Sale)

The final sale and purchase agreement must be executed in the presence
of a notary. Although the most basic agreements can also be
authenticated directly by a cadastral officer a notary will be required
if the agreement has to be customized or if one of the parties does not
speak Armenian. The notary has the legal obligation to provide you with
information on the nature and implications of the agreement you are
signing. The notary will need to be satisfied as to the identity of the
parties and their legal capacity to proceed with the transaction. The
passports and marriage certificates of all signatories will be required.
If the seller is a minor or elderly or handicapped they may be under the
protection of a guardian, in which case the approval of the guardian
will be sought before the sale can be concluded. If the seller is
married then the notary will wish to be satisfied that the spouse agrees
to the sale.

Each notary will have his/her own agreement template and these templates
may vary in detail. It is necessary to ensure that all the important
clauses are included in the agreement. Normally, agreements are in
Armenian language only and the translation is done verbally by reading
the whole agreement to the buyer. You will be charged a small fee for
the interpreter's service.

The sale and purchase contract must be the final and comprehensive
agreement because the parties will have only 30 days to have it
registered at the Cadastre. If there are conditions that still have to
be fulfilled it is better to sign a preliminary agreement. There are no
"cooling-off" rules in Armenian law. Once signed, the agreement becomes
effective and the parties may not withdraw from the contract.

If you are buying any fixtures or fittings as part of the purchase of
the property, then you should arrange for an inventory to be prepared.
If you are able to do so, visit the property the day before the
agreement is signed to ensure that all is as it should be, particularly
if the sale includes a certain number of fixtures and fittings. At the
same time you can also check that you will get vacant possession of the
property following the execution of the agreement, unless the latter
provides that the property will be vacated at a later stage.

If you are unable to get across to Armenia for signing the agreement in
person, you can arrange to give a relative, friend or lawyer a power of
attorney to sign on your behalf.

[]

#6. Registration

After the final sale and purchase agreement is executed the buyer has 30
business days to register his/her ownership rights with the Cadastre.
Failure to register these rights within the 30-day period will result in
invalidation of the sale and purchase agreement. The buyer will have to
submit an original copy of the sale and purchase agreement and a
notarized translation of the passport. A notarized power of attorney
will be required if the registration is done through a lawyer or other
representative. The registration process can take from a few hours to a
few days, depending on whether you pay the fast-track service fees. An
ownership certificate will be issued with basic details about the
property and the new owner. You will then present the ownership
certificate to the public utility services (electricity, gas, phone
etc.) so that they also register the change in ownership and prepare new
agreements in your name. 

[]

#7. Fees and Taxes

Notary & Registration Fees

By convention, notary fees and official registration fees are paid by
the buyer, but the parties may agree that the costs should be shared, or
even paid by the seller. These costs are around $200-500. Official fees
are fixed and do not depend on the value of the real estate. Fast-track
services are also available for additional fees.

+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Service     | Regular Fee | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  | Fast-Track  |
|             |             | (Same Day)  | (Next Day)  | (Three      |
|             |             |             |             | Days)       |
+=============+=============+=============+=============+=============+
| Notary Fee  | US$21-31    | N/A         |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| N           | US$10       | N/A         |             |             |
| otarization |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Clean Title | US$21       | US$125      | US$ 41      | N/A         |
| Certificate |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Ownership   | US$52       | US$313      | US$156      | US$105      |
| R           |             |             |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| R           | US$41       | N/A         |             |             |
| egistration |             |             |             |             |
| Government  |             |             |             |             |
| Fee         |             |             |             |             |
+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Capital Gains Tax

Transfer of residential property between individuals is normally not
taxable, provided that both the buyer and the seller are individuals
(not registered as private entrepreneurs). Thus, tax on capital gains
realized by individuals form selling residential property is 0%.
However, if the buyer is a legal entity or a private entrepreneur a
withholding tax of 10% is applicable.

Real Estate (Property) Tax

The real estate tax is payable by the owner of the real estate on an
annual basis. Tax rates are in the range of 0% to 1% of the cadastral
value which is normally significantly lower than the market value.

Where the real property is sold by an individual the new owner assumes
the tax liabilities for any unpaid property tax. However, recent
amendments make it obligatory for the seller to procure a certificate
confirming the absence of tax liabilities from the local municipality.

Rental Income Tax

Rental income not exceeding 58.35 million Armenian drams (approximately,
US$120,000) per year is taxed at 10%. Rental income in excess of that
amount is taxable at 20%.   

Stamp Duty, Inheritance & Gifts Taxes

Armenia does not have stamp duties, gifts or inheritance taxes. 

Communal Charges

If you own a property such as an apartment there will be maintenance and
service charges to pay. They will depend on the size and quality of the
complex, such as whether there are lifts, a pool, gardens and other
facilities.

[]

#8. Currency Exchange & Anti-Money Laundering Regulations

Armenian laws require that the buyer of real property make the payments
in local currency, Armenian drams. If the payment is done through a
bank, the latter must ensure that these rules are complied with. 

Currency exchange services are provided by banks, other credit
institutions, as well as currency exchange offices.

There are no restrictions on transferring foreign currency to or from
Armenia. 

If the amount of the transaction exceeds 50 million drams (approx.
US$105,000) the excess payment must be done through a bank transfer.

[]

#9. Inheritance

Intestate Inheritance. In the absence of a will the law stipulates an
order of inheritance, as follows:

1.  Spouse, children and parents;
2.  Brothers and sisters (and their descendants);
3.  Grandparents; 
4.  Uncles and aunts (and their descendants).

Each order of inheritors excludes the following inheritors, and those in
the same order share the inheritance equally between them. Accordingly,
those beyond the first order of inheritance will only inherit if there
are no spouse, children and parents. Thus, if you die leaving a
surviving spouse, two parents and two children, each of them will
receive 1/5 of your estate. It is possible to increase the rights of the
surviving spouse or the children but this requires some inheritance
planning.

Spouse. The surviving spouse is not specifically protected under
Armenian inheritance law. This is because the law has traditionally
considered that the estate of the deceased belongs to the whole family,
rather than any single member of it. That being said, only that part of
the estate belonging to the deceased is subject to inheritance laws, so
a surviving spouse will normally retain ownership of at least 50% of
their jointly held assets. 

If the marriage was not registered, the surviving partner will have no
rights of inheritance of the estate of the deceased. As between one
another those living in free union are legal strangers, with no
inheritance rights between them.

Children. Children of the couple born outside of the marriage benefit
from the same rights as those of the children from within the marriage,
as do children of the deceased born with another partner. Adopted
children of the couple benefit from the same rights as natural children,
but they are excluded from any rights of inheritance from their natural
parents. The grand-children receive no entitlement, unless one of the
children of the deceased is himself deceased. In this case, they step
into the shoes of their deceased parent.

Testamentary Freedom.  Under Armenian law you can freely dispose of your
estate and you may choose to disinherit your spouse, children and
parents by making a will or a gift. However, they may still claim 50% of
the value of the property that they would be entitled to in the absence
of a will if:

1.  They are aged under 18 or above 60;
2.  They are disabled or legally incapable.

The will must be made in writing and notarized. Failure to notarize the
will makes it invalid. 

Inheritance Planning. If you want to have some control over your estate
on your death, then you need to undertake some inheritance planning,
such as:

-   Increase the proportion of an heir's share by making a will;
-   Make gifts during your lifetime;
-   Buy the property through a limited company;
-   Take a life insurance policy.

Taxes. Inheritance and gifts are not taxed in Armenia. However, the
disposition of property may still be taxable in the country where the
heir has his/her tax residence, unless there is a double tax treaty
between Armenia and that country.

Accepting the Inheritance. The heirs have 6 months following the death
to accept the inheritance by making a notarized declaration. The notary
will establish the list of beneficiaries, verify if a will exists,
undertake the division of the estate, and issue inheritance certificates
to the inheritors. 

Executor. You may appoint a lawyer or another person to act as the
executor. The executor shall take measures for the maintenance and
management of the estate, inform the heirs and other beneficiaries of
the will, pay and collect debts, represent the estate in courts, ensure
that the estate is distributed in accordance with the will, assist with
the interpretation of the will, report to the heirs, work with the
notary etc.

[]

Armenia is a modern and fast-growing country with rich history and
traditions, beautiful nature, excellent cuisine, low taxes, low crime
rate, and low cost of living. Foreigners are allowed to be 100% owners
of real estate in Armenia and can take advantage of investment
opportunities. Armenia generally does not tax real estate transactions,
capital gains, gifts, or inheritance. Real estate investment can also
grant immigration benefits, such as residence or citizenship.

A knowledgeable local lawyer can help you navigate through the
investment process, avoid pitfalls and minimize risks. Legal assistance
can be very valuable in the process of due diligence checks, document
review and preparation, payments, registrations, etc. Please contact us
for a free evaluation of your case.

Country Overview

+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Header                | []                    |
+=======================+=======================+=======================+
| []                    | Area SQ.KM.           | 29,700                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | PopulatioN            | 2,962,000             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Capital:              | Yerevan (1,075,000)   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Religion:             | christian (94.8%)     |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | lANGUAGE:             | Armenian              |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | LITERACY RATE:        | 99%                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Climate:              | SUMMER 33C            |
|                       |                       |                       |
|                       |                       | WINTER 4C             |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Currency:             | DRAM ($1 = 480 AMD)   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Average Salary:       | $387                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | GDP Growth (2019):    | 7.6%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | GdP per capita:       | $4,173                |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Unemployment:         | 18%                   |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
| []                    | Inflation:            | 1.7%                  |
+-----------------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+

Leave a Comment

[]Share0

[]Tweet0

Return to Top

Copyright 2021 - Vardanyan & Partners LLC

Get Free Advice

Please send your inquiries by filling out this form.

2021.01.26 Investment

I am interested in investing in :

Real estate

Business

Bank deposits, savings accounts

Bonds, stocks, mutual funds

Precious objects

OtherOther

Land

House

Apartment

Vacation property

Commercial property

New development projects

OtherOther

Raw farmland

Orchards or vineyards

Greenhouses

Land for residential or commercial development

Recreational land

OtherOther

Preferred location

Yes

No

I am interested in:

Starting a new business

Starting a franchise

Purchasing an existing business

Becoming a shareholder of an existing business

Main line of business: AgricultureIT, Software DevelopmentOnline
BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

Investment will be in the following range (min. - max. in USD)

I wish to invest:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

I am interested in immigration (residency, citizenship)

Yes

No

Name

Email *

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Questions and Comments

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney LL.M. Georgetown University New York Bar | Armenian Chamber of Advocates

We are a team of licensed lawyers based in Armenia and Georgia. Our
primary commitment is to provide quality service to clients at a
compelling value that helps manage risk, overcome regulatory issues and
advance their personal and business goals. 

[]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why Us

-   []

    Fully Licensed

-   []

    10+ Years of Experience

-   []

    Broad Scope of Legal Services

-   []

    Quick Communication

-   []

    Honest & Ethical

-   []

    Fluent in English

-   []

    Result-Based Fees

-   []

    Secure Online Payments

-   []

    No Hidden Charges

-   []

    Liability Insurance

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Book a Call with a Lawyer

[bookly-form category_id=”0″ service_id=”1″ staff_member_id=”1″]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Services

-   []

    Passport

-   []

    ID Card

-   []

    Special Passport

-   []

    Residence Permit

-   []

    Visa

-   []

    Legal Advice

-   []

    Document Review

-   []

    Procurement

-   []

    Legalization

-   []

    Case Tracking

-   []

    Address Registration

-   []

    Bank Account

-   []

    SSN

-   []

    Taxpayer ID Number

-   []

    Translation

-   []

    Power of Attorney

-   []

    Company Formation

-   []

    Tax Compliance

-   []

    Real Estate Transactions

-   []

    Investments

-   []

    Remote Applications

-   []

    Renewals

-   []

    Appeals

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Attorney

LL.M. Georgetown University

New York Bar | Armenia Chamber of Advocates

We would love to hear your opinion. If you feel we have provided
valuable information and support or would like to leave us feedback,
please do so below. If you have any concerns please call us today at
+374.99.00.11.67.

Thank you for helping us improve.

[wp-review-visitor-rating]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Remove Picture

Did you find all the information you were looking for? Is there anything
missing?

What did you like most about this page? Would you recommend us to a
friend?

Submit

[]

Thanks you!.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]



[]

[]

[]

-   Nav #1
-   Nav #2[]
    -   Sub-nav #1
    -   Sub-nav #2
-   Nav #3
-   Login
-   Logout

Call to Action

Special Residence

[fusion_builder_container hundred_percent=”yes”
equal_height_columns=”no”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
background_position=”center center” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
fade=”no” background_parallax=”none” enable_mobile=”no”
parallax_speed=”0.3″ video_aspect_ratio=”16:9″ video_loop=”yes”
video_mute=”yes” border_style=”solid” padding_top=”20px”
padding_bottom=”20px”
admin_toggled=”no”][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type=”1_1″
layout=”1_1″ spacing=”” center_content=”no” hover_type=”none” link=””
min_height=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” background_color=”” background_image=””
background_position=”left top” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
border_size=”0″ border_color=”” border_style=”solid”
border_position=”all” padding=”” dimension_margin=”” animation_type=””
animation_direction=”left” animation_speed=”0.3″ animation_offset=””
last=”no”][rev_slider alias=”special-residence”
/][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container][fusion_builder_container
hundred_percent=”no” equal_height_columns=”no”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
background_position=”center center” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
fade=”no” background_parallax=”none” enable_mobile=”no”
parallax_speed=”0.3″ video_aspect_ratio=”16:9″ video_loop=”yes”
video_mute=”yes” border_style=”solid” padding_top=”20px”
padding_bottom=”20px”
admin_toggled=”no”][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type=”2_3″
layout=”2_3″ spacing=”” center_content=”no” hover_type=”none” link=””
min_height=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” background_color=”” background_image=””
background_position=”left top” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
border_size=”0″ border_color=”” border_style=”solid”
border_position=”all” padding=”” dimension_margin=”” animation_type=””
animation_direction=”left” animation_speed=”0.3″ animation_offset=””
last=”no”][fusion_text]

Form &  Benefits

The special residence permit (passport) has a validity of 10 years.
It looks very different from temporary/permanent residence permits as it
is issued in the form a passport, not a card. However, all types of
residence permits (temporary, permanent or special) offer more or less
the same benefits. In particular, they allow the holder of the permit to
travel freely to and from Armenia without a visa, to live, work, study,
do business and engage in any other lawful activity in Armenia without
work permits or other papers.

One notable advantage of the special passport is that its holder can own
land directly in his own name, without the need to establish a legal
entity.

Eligibility Requirements 

In practice special passports are issued to foreigners of
Armenian origin, i.e. ethnic Armenians. In exceptional cases special
passports can be issued to non-Armenians who are engaged in economic or
cultural activities in Armenia.

Procedure & Time Line

The procedure of issuing special passports is more complicated compared
to temporary/permanent residence permits and in many aspects is similar
to the procedure for citizenship application. The time required to
obtain a special passport is around 60 days. Unlike temporary/permanent
residence permits the final decision on granting or denying a special
passport is made by the President and cannot be appealed.

[/fusion_text][fusion_imageframe image_id=”7989″ style_type=”none”
stylecolor=”” hover_type=”none” bordersize=”” bordercolor=””
borderradius=”” align=”none” lightbox=”no” gallery_id=””
lightbox_image=”” alt=”” link=”” linktarget=”_self”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” animation_type=”” animation_direction=”left”
animation_speed=”0.3″
animation_offset=””]https://armenian-lawyer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Why-Special-Passport.jpg[/fusion_imageframe][fusion_text]

Establishing Armenian Origin

Armenian origin is normally proved by producing a government- or
church-issued document showing the ethnicity of the applicant. A baptism
certificate of the applicant and or his parent (grand-parent) is a
common way to establish Armenian origin.

Children

The children of the holder of a special passport also can obtain special
passports free of charge if they are below the age of 16. Individuals
aged 16 and higher must apply separately.

Extension

The special residence permit can be extended for an indefinite number of
times, each time for 10 years.

Military Duty

Holders of special passports are not considered to be Armenian citizens
and, therefore, are not subject to mandatory military service.

[/fusion_text][fusion_imageframe image_id=”7891″ style_type=”none”
stylecolor=”” hover_type=”none” bordersize=”” bordercolor=””
borderradius=”” align=”none” lightbox=”no” gallery_id=””
lightbox_image=”” alt=”” link=”” linktarget=”_self”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” animation_type=”” animation_direction=”left”
animation_speed=”0.3″
animation_offset=””]https://armenian-lawyer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/how-can-we-help-on-Armenian-citizenship.jpg[/fusion_imageframe][fusion_separator
style_type=”none”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
top_margin=”20″ bottom_margin=”20″ alignment=”center”
/][fusion_section_separator divider_type=”triangle”
divider_position=”left” divider_candy=”bottom,top” bordersize=”1″
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
/][fusion_text]

[fusion_separator style_type=”none”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” sep_color=”” top_margin=”” bottom_margin=””
border_size=”” icon=”” icon_circle=”” icon_circle_color=”” width=””
alignment=”center”][/fusion_separator]

[/fusion_text][fusion_text]

FAQ

[/fusion_text][fusion_faq filters=”no” featured_image=””
cats_slug=”special-residence”
exclude_cats=”business-registration,trademarks”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” /][/fusion_builder_column][fusion_builder_column
type=”1_3″ layout=”1_3″ spacing=”” center_content=”no” hover_type=”none”
link=”” min_height=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” background_color=”rgba(255,152,0,0.83)”
background_image=”” background_position=”left top” undefined=””
background_repeat=”no-repeat” border_size=”0″ border_color=””
border_style=”solid” border_position=”all” padding=”20 20 20 20″
margin_top=”” margin_bottom=”” animation_type=”fade”
animation_direction=”right” animation_speed=”0.6″ animation_offset=””
last=”no”][fusion_imageframe image_id=”7045″ style_type=”none”
hover_type=”none” align=”center” lightbox=”no” linktarget=”_self”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
animation_direction=”left”
animation_speed=”0.3″]https://armenian-lawyer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/start-today.png[/fusion_imageframe][fusion_text]

Special Passport

Name

Email address *

Citizenship AfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileChinaColombiaComorosCongoCosta RicaCôte
d‘IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican
RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench
PolynesiaGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiNorth
KoreaSouth
KoreaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorwayNorthern Mariana
IslandsOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbia and MontenegroSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTogoTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab
EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican
CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands,
U.S.YemenZambiaZimbabwe

I have parents or grand-parents who are Armenian by origin

Yes

No

I am engaged in economic or cultural activities in Armenia

Yes

No

Please explain what qualifies you for a special passport

I want to apply for a special passport

in Armenia

at the Armenian embassy/consulate in my country

Questions & comments

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Get Free Advice

[/fusion_text][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container][fusion_builder_container
hundred_percent=”no” equal_height_columns=”no”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
background_position=”center center” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
fade=”no” background_parallax=”none” enable_mobile=”no”
parallax_speed=”0.3″ video_aspect_ratio=”16:9″ video_loop=”yes”
video_mute=”yes” border_style=”solid” padding_top=”20px”
padding_bottom=”20px”
admin_toggled=”no”][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type=”2_3″
layout=”2_3″ spacing=”” center_content=”no” hover_type=”none” link=””
min_height=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” background_color=”” background_image=””
background_position=”left top” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
border_size=”0″ border_color=”” border_style=”solid”
border_position=”all” padding=”” dimension_margin=”” animation_type=””
animation_direction=”left” animation_speed=”0.3″ animation_offset=””
last=”no”][fusion_text]

Get Free Tips, News and Updates on Armenian Special Passports

Sign Me Up

[/fusion_text][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container][fusion_builder_container
hundred_percent=”yes” equal_height_columns=”no”
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
background_position=”center center” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
fade=”no” background_parallax=”none” enable_mobile=”no”
parallax_speed=”0.3″ video_aspect_ratio=”16:9″ video_loop=”yes”
video_mute=”yes” border_style=”solid” padding_top=”20px”
padding_bottom=”20px”
admin_toggled=”no”][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type=”1_1″
layout=”1_1″ spacing=”” center_content=”no” hover_type=”none” link=””
min_height=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” background_color=”” background_image=””
background_position=”left top” background_repeat=”no-repeat”
border_size=”0″ border_color=”” border_style=”solid”
border_position=”all” padding=”” dimension_margin=”” animation_type=””
animation_direction=”left” animation_speed=”0.3″ animation_offset=””
last=”no”][fusion_title margin_top=”” margin_bottom=””
hide_on_mobile=”small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility”
class=”” id=”” size=”1″ content_align=”center” style_type=”double solid”
sep_color=””]

Why Choose Us?

[/fusion_title][rev_slider alias=”about-uis”
/][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container]

Direct Your Visitors to a Clear Action at the Bottom of the Page

[]

Click Here Now

E-book Title

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Copyright 2024 ACME Inc - Privacy Policy

Close dialog

Session expired

Please log in again. The login page will open in a new tab. After
logging in you can close it and return to this page.

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

About Us

Welcome to Vardanyan & Partners, your trusted partner in legal matters.
At Vardanyan & Partners, we are committed to providing top-notch legal
services with a focus on integrity, expertise, and personalized
attention for over 10 years. Our team of experienced attorneys is
dedicated to serving the Armenian community and beyond, offering
reliable legal solutions tailored to your unique needs.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Our Team

[]

Managing  Attorney

Nerses Isajanyan

[]

Client Acquisition

Astghik Pepanyan

[]

Client Acquisition

Seda Soghomonyan

[]

Attorney

Anzhelika Hakobyan

[]

Attorney

Anatoliy
Stotskiy

[]

Attorney

Hasmik Mirzoyan

[]

Attorney

Harutyun Martirosyan

[]

Attorney

Lusine
Sargsyan

[]

Attorney

Arman  
Batikyan

[]

Attorney

Ani
Arakelyan

[]

Junior Attorney

Erik
Avanesyan

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2022.06.08 RBI (Digital Nomad Form)

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Register as a taxpayer in Armenia

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

Medical & dental plans

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Purchasing a house or an apartment

Investing in land

Making a bank deposit

Investing in a business or a franchise

Hiring workers in Armenia

Investing in precious objects

Living in Armenia

Learning the Armenian language

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Taxes in Armenia 

Foreign entrepreneurs and investors value the rapidity of economic
reforms, the safety, freedom, and openness that Armenia offers. Many
prefer to visit Armenia in person and register a business as a first
step to enter the market.
Micro-businesses, companies operating within free economic zones,
industrial zones, select border towns, and villages can benefit from a
zero-tax status. Similarly, smaller businesses with annual sales under
approximately $280,000 are subject to a nominal sales (turnover) tax,
ranging from 1.5% to 5%. Remarkably, Armenia follows a lenient tax
policy regarding individual capital gains from the sale of securities,
real estate, and various assets. Additionally, insurance and pension
payments are exempt from taxation, as are gifts, inheritances, and net
worth.
Navigating Armenia's business landscape can be greatly simplified with
the assistance of a knowledgeable local lawyer. These experts play a
pivotal role in minimizing potential risks through meticulous compliance
with tax, labor, and immigration regulations. By harnessing their
expertise, businesses can adeptly sidestep potential pitfalls while
capitalizing on tax benefits and government assistance programs.

Reach Out to Us

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

[]

[]

      Overview of Taxes in Armenia

1

Business Tax Options

Examine the various tax regimes for businesses in Armenia.

[]

learn more

2

Payroll Taxes

Investigate the payroll taxes withheld by the employers.

[]

learn more

3

Import Taxes

Explore the taxes for import-export business activities. 

[]

learn more

Our Services

Instance 1

Visa & Residency

-   []

    Visa application

-   []

    Visa extension

-   []

    Invitation letter

-   []

    Residence permit

-   []

    Work permit

-   []

    Citizenship

Legal & Compliance

-   []

    Address registration

-   []

    Social security number

-   []

    Tax ID number

-   []

    Tax residency certificate

-   []

    Tax compliance services

-   []

    Health insurance

 Investment

-   []

    Personal bank account

-   []

    Corporate bank account

-   []

    Company registration

-   []

    Real estate

-   []

    Stocks and bonds

-   []

    Bank deposits

[]

Contact Us for Assistance

Whether you have a specific concern or just need some preliminary advice, our team is here to help. Fill out the form below, and one of our experts will reach out to you shortly. No strings attached, and absolutely free.

2020.12.23 Company

I am interested in creating a: *

For-profit entity (LLC, corporation, cooperative)

Subsidiary, branch office or representative office

Non-profit entity (foundation, association)

Main line of business: * Please select from drop-down listIT, Software
DevelopmentOnline BusinessInvestmentImport & ExportRetail TradeTravel &
TourismFoodEntertainmentMarketingEducationManufacturingAutomotiveChildren's
Products and ServicesHealth & BeautyFinancial ServicesOther Main line of
business:

I am also interested in the following services:

Corporate bank account

Tax compliance, payroll & accounting

Immigration services (visas, work permits, residence permits, etc.)

Permits & licenses

Employer of record & outstaffing

Nominee services

Legal address & virtual office

Secretary & legal services

Trademark registration

Real estate transactions

Corporate changes

M&A, reorganization or dissolution

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Name

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

Get Free Advice

If you are human, leave this field blank.

Your Privacy Matters to Us
Rest assured, any information you provide will be treated with the
utmost confidentiality. We firmly believe in the principle of data
privacy. That means we will not sell, rent, or lease our contact lists
to any third party, and your personal details will never be handed over
to individuals, government agencies, or companies.

Our Achievements

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Cases Handled

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Nationalities Assisted

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

Years of Expertise

[]

Customers served!

1500 %

Years of experience

Success Rate

[]

Customers served!

1500

Years of experience

 on Google

[]

Customers served!

1500 +

Years of experience

Lawyers on Staff

[]

Business Tax Options

In Armenia, taxation varies based on the size of the business. Medium
and large businesses adhere to standard tax rates, whereas smaller
enterprises can benefit from special tax regimes designed to alleviate
both the tax burden and paperwork.

Companies can opt for turnover tax or micro-business regimes within 20
calendar days following the registration of the company. 

[]

General tax regime

By default, businesses are subject to the general tax regime, which
includes an 18% corporate income tax (CIT) and a 20% value-added tax
(VAT). VAT is reduced to 0% for goods or services that are exported.
Under this regime, CIT returns are filed annually, while VAT returns
must be submitted on a monthly basis.

[]

Turnover tax

Turnover tax is a form of a sales tax, with rates typically ranging from
1.5% to 5%. It serves as a replacement for both CIT and VAT. However,
this tax regime is only available to small businesses with annual sales
totaling less than AMD 115 million (approximately $280,000). Turnover
tax returns are filed quarterly.

[]

Micro-businesses

Micro-businesses, defined as those with annual sales below AMD 24
million (about $62,000), enjoy exemptions from both CIT and VAT. It's
important to note that certain businesses, such as those located in the
capital city of Yerevan and various service sectors, are excluded from
this tax system and cannot take advantage of these exemptions.

[]

TAXATION OF IT COMPANIES

Newly registered businesses in the IT sector, including both companies
and private entrepreneurs, have had the opportunity to apply for an IT
Start-Up certificate. This certificate holds the potential to offer
significant tax advantages, including a substantial reduction in payroll
tax, lowering the rate of personal income tax withheld by the employer
from the standard 20% to just 10% until December 31, 2024. Currently,
the deadline for applications is November 1, 2024.
To benefit from this program, it's crucial to note that businesses must
apply for the IT Start-Up certificate within 90 days following their
registration. These tax incentives are not accessible to larger
companies with 30 or more employees, or to subsidiaries and branch
offices of foreign companies (these restrictions may potentially be
revised following the passage of new legislation). The issuance of IT
Start-Up certificates is overseen by the Ministry of High-Tech Industry.
The following businesses can take advantage of these tax benefits:

-   Software development, including the creation, modification of
    software, testing and support services; creation of applications for
    clients; development of the structure and contents for systems
    software, applications, databases, websites, or the creation of
    machine commands necessary for such development or operation;
    transformation and adaptation of applications to the information
    environment of the customers;
-   Consulting activities in the area of computer technology, including
    the development and design of computer technical means, software,
    and integrated computer systems in communication technologies;
    services in connection with educating the users;
-   Computer system management activities, including network management
    and creation of computer systems for customers or maintenance of
    technical means for data processing, and other support services;
-   Data processing, distribution of information in the network and
    related activities, including provision of infrastructures for
    website placement; data processing (complete processing of data
    provided by users or through application of original software;
    automated data processing; input services, including database
    management services) and related services; specialized services for
    placement of websites (hosting service), i.e. placement of websites
    in the Web (Web hosting), current transfer of data (undivided,
    according to plans) or placement of applications; operation
    (launching) of software and hardware resources; servicing users
    through a central (global) computer functioning in total
    time-sharing mode;
-   Activities related to web-portals, including activities related to
    websites (use of search engines to create and maintain large-scale
    databases of information located on the Internet with the purpose of
    facilitating easy and accessible searches by addresses or content);
    activities related to other websites that operate as web-portals,
    such as, for example, news websites providing regularly updated
    information;
-   Implementation of educational and research programs in the field of
    information technologies;
-   Design, testing and production of electronic systems;
-   Computer animation and modeling;
-   Design and testing of integrated circuits.

[]

Payroll Taxes

Employers are required to withhold both personal income tax (PIT) and
social security contributions. This encompasses various forms of income
such as salaries, benefits, bonuses, temporary disability compensation,
and maternity leave compensation. As of 2023, a uniform personal income
tax rate of 20% applies to all forms of compensation, regardless of the
amount involved.
Apart from PIT, employers are also responsible for deducting social
security payments. The rate for these payments stands at 5% for income
up to 500,000 AMD (approximately $1,309) and 10% deducted 25,000 AMD for
income exceeding this threshold. It's important to be aware that there's
a maximum salary limit for social security payments, currently capped at
1,125,000 AMD per month (equivalent to 15 times the minimum monthly wage
of 75,000 AMD).
Military taxes (contributions to the insurance foundation of servicemen)
are withheld in the following manner:

-   1,500 AMD ($4) for salaries of up to 100,000 AMD ($261)
-   3,000 AMD ($8) for salaries of 100,000-200,000 AMD ($523)
-   5,500 AMD ($14) for salaries of 200,000-500,000 AMD ($1,309)
-   8,500 AMD ($22) for salaries of 500,000-1,000,000 AMD ($2,619)
-   15,000 AMD ($39) for salaries in excess of 1,000,000 AMD ($2,619)

It's important to note that social security payments and military taxes
are obligations that exclusively apply to Armenian citizens and
residents (i.e. individuals holding residence permits). Generally, those
born before 1974 enjoy an exemption from social security payments.
For instance, in the tax year 2023, consider an employee earning a
monthly salary of AMD 600,000 (equivalent to $1,571). This individual
will be subject to a flat income tax rate of 20% on their entire income,
amounting to income tax of AMD 120,000 (approximately $314).
Furthermore, the employee will be liable for social security payments
totaling 35,000 AMD (around $91) and an additional military tax of 8,500
AMD (approximately $22). Consequently, the after-tax income for this
individual will be AMD 436,500 (calculated as 600,000 - 120,000 -
35,000 - 8,500), which is equivalent to $1143. This results in an
overall tax burden of approximately 27%.

[]

Import Taxes

In Armenia, typically, there's a 20% Value Added Tax (VAT) applied to
imported goods, although some goods enjoy exemptions from this tax.
Notably, for goods imported under government-approved projects, there's
an option to defer VAT payments for a period of up to three years.
Moreover, Armenia is part of the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU), which
includes countries such as Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan.
Importantly, goods imported from these EAEU member countries are exempt
from import duties. However, when importing goods from countries outside
the EAEU, import duties are imposed based on rates set by the EAEU
Commission.

[]

Other taxes

Armenian companies may be subject to various taxes based on their
specific business activities. These taxes can include excise tax,
environmental tax, road tax, as well as real estate and vehicle property
taxes.

What Clients Say

[]

We were impressed by business ethics, accuracy and professionalism of
the company, which make this company stand out from the rest. The team
that processed our case proved to be highly efficient and professional.
Starting a business in Armenia while abroad and having to rely 100% on
on-line communication is a big challenge in terms of trust and
confidence. We are very happy with the work the team's done for us and
will definitely continue cooperating with them in the future. We highly
recommend this company as a reliable partner.

Anna A.

[]

They were a fast and competent team. They helped me to get all the
needed information and then provided all the services. I highly
recommend them as a partner in Armenia.

Sergey Ch.

[]

Vardanyan & Partners have been by my side throughout my entire
experience of relocating to Armenia, residing in Armenia, and eventually
becoming a citizen of the Republic of Armenia. I'm very happy overall
with the services which they rendered for both me and my family members,
and am very glad I chose this law firm for all my immigration issues.

Richard W.

[]

Thank you for your excellent work and highly competent approach to
execute the process both on the spot and remotely. I am glad I have
chosen your company to handle the application and the process of
obtaining my Armenian passport by descent. Everything was done promptly
and with appropriate reaction and solution when the circumstances
changed (due to law changes in the country). Shnorhakalut’yun!

Stephen M.

[]

Worked with them for over 3 years now. Always professional, excellent
service and communication, the staff all speak English. Highly
recommend, particularly for foreigners doing business in Armenia.

Patrick E.

[]

After my research on a reliable lawyer who could follow my request for
residency in Armenia, I selected the firm Vardanyan & Partners. The
website made an excellent impression on me, complete with all the
information. I contacted them and they then resolved my doubts within a
few days. Furthermore, they also offer a guarantee on their service. I
was very satisfied and happy with my choice.

Christian P.

[]

Very good quality of service. I highly recommend using the services of
Vardanyan & Partners especially with Arman Batikyan. The team is very
pleasant, competent and available.

Adrien W.

[]

I had a challenging case, and Vardanyan & Partners exceeded my
expectations in handling it. Their unwavering dedication and persistence
ensured a successful resolution, even when obstacles seemed
insurmountable. I'm deeply appreciative of their support. The team's
professionalism, patience, and kindness—from the accountants to the
lawyers and assistants, all the way to the Managing Attorney—were
exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend Vardanyan & Partners, and I
eagerly anticipate the opportunity to work with them again in the
future.

Ashkan G.

[]

The company is the great team of professional specialists. They have
formally defined mature processes, that helps to serve client's requests
clearly, on time, without red tape and bureaucracy.

Maxim B.

[]

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organized and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas in a foreign
country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

 

Nadine B.

[]

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well.

Jagdish N.

[]

The team of Vardanyan & Partners led us through the whole process
seamlessly by navigating the bureaucracy end to end. Extremely
professional yet personal and friendly service.

Mati H.

[]

As an American living in Armenia, I definitely need legal representation
to help guide me through the many rules and regulations here, and I am
happy that Vardanyan & Partners has been able to do just that.

John B.

[]

Their meticulous attention to detail, unwavering dedication, and
commitment to ensuring their clients' needs are met are truly admirable.
I strongly recommend Vardanyan & Partners for their exceptional legal
services.

Ali E.

Why Choose Us

[]

Decade of Excellence

Over 10 years of specialized experience in immigration and business
setup.

[]

Tailored Solutions

Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking attorneys specializes in
immigration, incorporation, and compliance matters, providing bespoke
legal strategies for each client.

[]

Fast & Fluent Communication

We prioritize your concerns with a 24-hour response policy and
communicate effectively in both English and Russian.

[]

Client-Centered Approach

At Vardanyan & Partners, client care is paramount. Our emphasis on
honesty and transparency ensures that you are always informed and
confident in your legal journey.

[]

Secure Transactions

Benefit from our secure online payment system without the worry of
hidden charges.

[]

Reputable & Reliable

Established in 2012, Vardanyan & Partners has built a reputation for
excellence and reliability. With our team, you are not just hiring
attorneys; you are partnering with insured legal experts committed to
your success.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.)
 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

[]

Nerses Isajanyan

Managing Attorney

LL.M., Georgetown University

Licensed Attorney, Armenia: License no. 903

Licensed Attorney, New York: License no. 5148945

Our firm's reputation rests on more than just legal expertise. We pride
ourselves on the values of honesty, transparency, and an unwavering
commitment to client care. We recognize the unique opportunities and
challenges Armenia presents, and we are here to guide you through them.

For inquiries or to schedule a consultation, you may contact us at
[email protected] or +374.99.00.11.67. I look forward to collaborating
with you on your journey in Armenia.

Where to find us

[]

[]

[]

[]

Nestled in the heart of the Davtashen district in Yerevan, our office is
a stone's throw away from the Migration Service building, ensuring
seamless coordination on immigration matters. If you refer to the map
above, you will pinpoint our exact location. For those journeying from
the city center, anticipate a brief 20-30 minute taxi ride to reach us.
We look forward to welcoming you and addressing your legal needs.

[]

Address

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

Email

[email protected]

[]

Phone

+37499001167

Please take a moment to sign up to our newsletter 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Email *

Sign Up

Recent Articles

[]

Updated Real Estate Prices in Yerevan and Retirement Opportunities in Armenia

[]

Update on Armenia’s Citizenship by Investment Program

[]

Opening an Armenian LLC with a Payoneer Account

[]

Term Deposits and Bonds in Armenia; Navigating Changes in Military Service

[]

Armenia 2024 Tax Guide: Key Updates for Businesses and Individuals

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship through Marriage

[]

How to Obtain Armenian Citizenship by Ethnicity in Armenia

[]

Exploring Diverse Pathways to Armenian Citizenship

[]

Unlocking a Spectrum of Opportunities: The Advantages of Special Passport in Armenia

[]

Exploring Pathways to Special Residency in Armenia

[]

Navigating Armenia’s Entrepreneurial Ecosystem for Maximum Benefits

[]

Legal Tips for Digital Nomads: What Work Permits Digital Nomads Need in Armenia?

[]

Breaking Down the Requirements: What EAEU Citizens Need to Know About Obtaining a Certificate of Legality of Stay based on Employment in Armenia

[]

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia’s Vibrant Lifestyle

[]

Exploring the Benefits and Opportunities of Free Economic Zones in Armenia

[]

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

[]

Your Ultimate Checklist for Obtaining an Entry Visa for Foreigners in Armenia

[]

Building a Bright Future: How Business Setup in Armenia Can Lead to Residency

Legal Notices & Copyright

[]



[]

Legal Notices & Copyright

1. Ownership and Copyright: All content on this website, including text,
graphics, logos, icons, images, and software, is the property of
Vardanyan & Partners LLC or its content suppliers and is protected by
international copyright laws. Unauthorized use or reproduction of
content is strictly prohibited.

2. Trademarks: The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on
this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Vardanyan &
Partners LLC and others. Nothing on this website should be construed as
granting any license or right to use any trademark without the prior
written consent of the trademark owner.

3. Use of Information: While Vardanyan & Partners LLC endeavors to
provide accurate and up-to-date information, we make no representations
or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness,
accuracy, reliability, or suitability of the information provided.
Reliance on such information is strictly at your own risk.

4. Limitation of Liability: Vardanyan & Partners LLC will not be liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages
of any kind resulting from the use of or the inability to use this
website or the performance of information available on this website.

5. External Links: This website may contain links to third-party
websites. These links are provided for convenience purposes only and do
not signify the endorsement of such websites. Vardanyan & Partners LLC
is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or privacy practices of
linked sites.

6. Updates and Changes: Vardanyan & Partners LLC reserves the right to
modify, suspend, or discontinue any section or service of this website
at any time without prior notice. We also reserve the right to amend
these legal notices at any time.

7. Governing Law: Any disputes or claims related to this website will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Armenia,
without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You agree
that any legal action or proceeding related to this website will be
brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction located in
Armenia.

8. Contact :For any queries or clarifications regarding these legal
notices, please contact us at [email protected].

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   []Registration
    -   []Business Opportunities
    -   []Taxation
    -   []Employment
    -   []Employer of Record
    -   []Outsourcing
    -   []Trademark
    -   []Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   []Residence
    -   []Residence by Investment
    -   []Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   []Citizenship
    -   []Citizenship by Investment
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   Contact Us

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Exploring Residency Opportunities for Digital Nomads in Armenia

With the freedom to work remotely and explore new places, it's no wonder
that more and more people are embracing the digital nomad lifestyle. One
of the key considerations for digital nomads is finding residency
opportunities. In this article, we will delve into the residency
opportunities for digital nomads in Armenia.

[Digital Nomad]

Why Armenia is an attractive destination for digital nomads

Armenia, with its rich history, stunning landscapes, and vibrant
culture, can be a good choice for digital nomads seeking a unique
experience. The country offers a welcoming environment, affordable cost
of living, and a burgeoning tech scene. The capital city, Yerevan, is a
hub for startups and innovation, making it an ideal destination for
digital nomads looking to connect with like-minded individuals.

Residency for digital nomads in Armenia

Although Armenia does not have a specifically designed program for
digital nomads, it does not impose restrictive laws on remote work
within its borders. Digital nomads staying in Armenia for less than 180
days a year do not require any specific permit (work or residence) to
engage in their remote work activities. However, for those interested in
obtaining a residence permit, their remote work can serve as a legal
basis for residency.
Obtaining residency in Armenia as a digital nomad brings a lot of
benefits. Firstly, it provides a legal status in the country making a
lot of procedures in the country, such as opening a bank account,
easier. Secondly, the Armenian law does not require a minimum amount of
days to stay in order to maintain this status. Furthermore, residency
opens up opportunities for business and investment, particularly in
Armenia's thriving tech sector. By becoming a resident, digital nomads
can collaborate with local startups or even launch their own ventures.
Additionally, holding residency for three years uninterruptedly can be a
pathway to citizenship.

Exploring the cost of living and quality of life in Armenia for digital nomads

One of the key factors that make Armenia an attractive destination for
digital nomads is its affordable cost of living which is on average more
than 40% lower than in the US or European countries with its low costs
of accommodation, food and transportation. Additionally, Armenia boasts
a high quality of life, with its safe streets, reliable infrastructure,
and access to modern amenities.
 
Internet availability is crucial for digital nomads, and Armenia meets
this requirement with an average internet speed of 73.55 Mbps. The
country offers several internet providers with competitive and
affordable pricing.

Top cities and regions in Armenia for digital nomads to consider

Armenia's relatively small size does not limit its appeal, as it offers
a diverse range of cities and regions for digital nomads to consider.
Yerevan, with its vibrant atmosphere, numerous co-working spaces, and
thriving tech scene, is a natural choice. Gyumri, the second-largest
city, is known for its rich cultural heritage and artistic community.
Other noteworthy cities and regions include Vanadzor, Dilijan, and the
wine region of Areni, each catering to different preferences and
interests.

Co-working spaces and digital nomad communities in Armenia

Armenia has seen a rise in the number of co-working spaces and digital
nomad communities in recent years, catering to the needs of remote
workers. In Yerevan, you can find a variety of co-working spaces,
offering modern facilities, high-speed internet, and a collaborative
environment. Some popular co-working spaces include Aeon, 256 HUB
Coworking space, Loft, BeCoworker, and "COWO" (Coffee Working). These
spaces not only provide a dedicated workspace but also serve as a hub
for networking and community building.

Conclusion: Unlocking the hidden gems of residency opportunities for digital nomads in Armenia

Armenia offers a unique blend of work and adventure, making it an ideal
destination for digital nomads seeking residency opportunities. Its
affordability, welcoming environment, and burgeoning tech sector make it
a hidden gem for those looking to call it home, at least for a little
while.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Unraveling the Many Facets of Armenia's Vibrant Lifestyle

Armenia, with its harmonious blend of historic charm and contemporary
conveniences, presents a distinctive allure to expatriates. This article
explores the diverse dimensions of life in Armenia, spanning cultural
engagements to professional prospects, providing a comprehensive
perspective on the expatriate experience in this captivating nation.

[]

Professional Avenues and Employment Landscape in Armenia

Armenia is experiencing a rapid growth in various industries, making it
an attractive destination for expats seeking job opportunities. The
nation's pronounced emphasis on technology and innovation has given rise
to a thriving IT sector, earning Armenia the moniker "Silicon
Mountains." An array of international corporations have established
their operations within the country, thus creating a myriad of
opportunities in fields including software development, web design, and
digital marketing.
The administration's proactive stance has engendered favorable policies
like the IT start-up certificate, designed to attract foreign investment
and foster an environment conducive to enterprise with reduced taxation.
This financial incentive extends not only to corporate entities but also
to individual freelancers, ensuring a beneficial tax regimen. Whether
aspiring to conventional employment or aspiring to initiate
entrepreneurial endeavors, Armenia's flourishing economy offers a
spectrum of possibilities.

Cultural experiences in Armenia

Armenia's cultural heritage is a treasure trove waiting to be
discovered. The country is home to ancient monasteries, picturesque
churches, and historic sites that transport you back in time. The
capital city of Yerevan is a hub of art and culture, with its museums,
galleries, and theaters showcasing the best of Armenian talent.
 
Armenia also is rich in festivals during the year catering to a wide
array of interests for foreigners. Starting from Jazz Day held in
Yerevan’s Cascade Complex and Yerevan Wine Days to Vardavar – a
nationwide water festival - Armenia offers many interesting activities
and events to attend and make one’s social life more entertaining and
memorable. 

Expat communities and social life in Armenia

Armenia is a welcoming country that embraces diversity, making it easy
for expats to integrate into the local community. The country has a
growing expat population, with many international organizations and
embassies based in Yerevan. The Armenian people are known for their
hospitality and warmth, and expats often find it easy to make friends
and build a support network. Whether it's attending cultural events,
joining sports clubs, or volunteering for community projects, there are
plenty of opportunities to socialize and engage with the local
community.

Driver’s License in Armenia

Expatriates who have a national driver’s license of the member countries
of the Vienna Convention (please find the list below) can use it to
legally drive in Armenia.
 
1.  Albania
2.  Armenia
3.  Austria
4.  Azerbaijan
5.  Bahamas
6.  Bahrain
7.  Belarus
8.  Belgium
9.  Bosnia and Herzegovina
10.  Brazil
11.  Bulgaria
12.  Central African Republic
13.  Chile
14.  Costa Rica
15.  Côte d'Ivoire
16.  Croatia
17.  Cuba
18.  Czech Republic
19.  Democratic Republic of the Congo
20.  Denmark
21.  Ecuador
22.  Estonia
23.  Finland
24.  France
25.  Georgia
26.  Germany
27.  Ghana
28.  Greece
29.  Guyana
30.  Holy See
31.  Hungary
32.  Indonesia
33.  Iran (Islamic Republic of)
34.  Israel
35.  Italy
36.  Kazakhstan
37.  Kenya
38.  Kuwait
39.  Kyrgyzstan
40.  Latvia
41.  Liberia
42.  Lithuania
43.  Luxembourg
44.  Mexico
45.  Monaco
46.  Mongolia
47.  Montenegro
48.  Morocco
49.  Netherlands
50.  Niger
51.  Norway
52.  Pakistan
53.  Peru
54.  Philippines
55.  Poland
56.  Portugal
57.  Qatar
58.  Republic of Korea
59.  Republic of Moldova
60.  Romania
61.  Russian Federation
62.  San Marino
63.  Senegal
64.  Serbia
65.  Seychelles
66.  Slovakia
67.  Slovenia
68.  South Africa
69.  Spain
70.  Sweden
71.  Switzerland
72.  Tajikistan
73.  Thailand
74.  Republic of Macedonia
75.  Tunisia
76.  Turkey
77.  Turkmenistan
78.  Ukraine
79.  United Arab Emirates
80.  United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
81.  Uruguay
82.  Uzbekistan
83.  Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
84.  Viet Nam
85.  Zimbabwe
 
In case you want to apply for an Armenian national driver’s license, you
will need to first become a residence permit holder or a citizen, as
well as you need to take both theoretical and practical exams. The
theoretical exam is currently available in Armenian, Russian, English,
Arabic and Persian.

Insurance companies in Armenia

Although not mandated by legislation, social insurance and medical
coverage are accessible through six prominent insurance providers in
Armenia, namely Armenia Insurance, Ingo Armenia, Nairi Insurance, RESO
Insurance, Liga Insurance (formerly ROSGOSSTRAKH Armenia), and Sil
Insurance.

Traveling within Armenia and nearby countries

Armenia's strategic positioning facilitates not only the exploration of
its own geographical expanse but also neighboring nations. The country's
propitious location makes it an ideal gateway for venturing into
countries such as Georgia and Iran, each presenting its distinctive
cultural tapestry. Additionally, Armenia's geographical advantage has
prompted low-cost carrier WizzAir to initiate direct flights between
Armenia and European destinations, rendering travel accessible and
cost-effective.

Conclusion: Is living in Armenia the right choice for you?

From its rich cultural heritage to its stunning natural beauty, this
small country has much to offer expats seeking a vibrant lifestyle. The
cost of living is affordable and job and business opportunities are
growing. So, if you are ready for a new adventure and want to immerse
yourself in a vibrant and diverse lifestyle, consider making Armenia
your next home.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

A Digital Nomad's Guide to Renting an Apartment in Armenia: How to Protect Yourself from Fraud?

[]

As a digital nomad, renting an apartment in a foreign country can be
quite challenging. There are many things to consider, including the
language barrier, cultural differences, and the risk of falling prey to
rental scams. Armenia is no exception, and it's important to take the
necessary precautions to protect yourself from rental scams.

Legal Requirements of Renting in Armenia

In Armenia, it is crucial to adhere to certain legal requirements when
renting an apartment. According to Armenian law, rental agreements
should be registered in the Cadaster. If the tenant does not speak
Armenian, it is necessary to sign the lease agreement at a notary with
the assistance of a translator, followed by registration in the
Cadaster. The notary will also request a joint reference from the
lessor, verify the lessor's ownership or authorization, and confirm
spousal consent to the transaction.
Regarding the contents of the contract itself, it is important to
clarify matters such as utility payment responsibilities, early
termination procedures, repair responsibilities for both the tenant and
the lessor, liability for damages caused to neighbors during the lease,
frequency of landlord inspections, and the conditions for returning or
forfeiting the advance payment, among other relevant aspects. To avoid
future disputes regarding contract termination, it is also advisable to
formalize its resolution through a notary.
As for the government fees, the fees for the registration in the
Cadaster are AMD 26,000 (around USD 65). The government fee paid in the
notary in case of verification of lease agreements is AMD 1,000 (around
USD 3) and the service fees charged by the notary can vary from AMD
8,000 - 25,000 (around USD 25 - 65).
While some of these formalities may not be strictly necessary for
short-term leases, they are important for long-term agreements because
failure to register the right to lease (such as having an oral or
unofficially written agreement, or a notarized agreement not registered
in the Cadaster) implies that the agreement does not legally exist,
thus, tenants will have no legal means to protect themselves and
landlords can demand eviction at any time or increase the rent
arbitrarily.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that many lessors in Armenia prefer not
to sign contracts with a notary to avoid paying a 10% tax on rent. In
some cases, if the lessor agrees to register in the Cadaster, they may
increase the rent by the same percentage. It is important to acknowledge
that, in practice, most lease contracts in Armenia are not registered.

Tips for Renting an Apartment in Armenia

Before you rent an apartment in Armenia, there are several things you
should consider.
First, utilize resources available for finding secure apartments in
Armenia. Reliable platforms like Airbnb and Booking.com offer secure
payment options and provide a review system where you can access
feedback from previous guests.
Additionally, local real estate agents can be valuable allies in your
search for a secure apartment, guiding you through the rental process
and ensuring your safety. Please note that in Armenia, real estate
agents do not require licenses, which increases the risk of fraud.
Therefore, it is wise to work exclusively with reputable agencies to
minimize the chances of encountering fraudulent practices.
Second, recording the initial condition of the apartment through
photographs or videos is recommended to prevent disagreements about the
property's condition upon acceptance and return.
 
Lastly, it should be noted that after July 1st, 2023, cash payments for
real estate related transactions will no longer be permissible.
Consequently, the landlord is obligated to accept non-cash payment
methods. Additionally, it is important to mention that lessors can only
accept payments in the local currency.

Conclusion

In conclusion, renting an apartment in Armenia as a digital nomad
requires careful attention to legal requirements and precautions to
protect yourself from fraud. Adhering to Armenian law, such as
registering rental agreements in the Cadaster and signing leases at a
notary, provides crucial legal protection. Utilizing reliable platforms,
working with reputable agencies, documenting the apartment's condition,
and adhering to non-cash payment methods are all essential steps for a
safe and secure rental experience in Armenia. By taking these
precautions, digital nomads can navigate the rental market with
confidence and peace of mind.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

The Ultimate Guide to Tax Residency in Armenia for Digital Nomads

Tax residency holds great significance for digital nomads, requiring
careful consideration to ensure optimal financial outcomes.

[]

Why choose Armenia for tax residency?

Armenia has emerged as an appealing choice for digital nomads seeking
advantageous tax conditions. Notably, the country boasts low tax rates,
levying a mere 5% tax on dividends for tax residents, while interest
income is taxed at 10%. Moreover, Armenia generally refrains from
imposing taxes on capital gains from the sale of securities, real
estate, and other assets, regardless of the origin of these gains.
Certain income sources, including insurance and pension payments, also
enjoy tax exemptions, alongside exemptions on gifts, inheritances, and
net worth. Another notable advantage of Armenian tax residency lies in
its extensive network of double taxation treaties, spanning
approximately 50 countries.

Understanding the requirements for tax residency in Armenia

To establish tax residency in Armenia, it is essential to comprehend the
criteria outlined by the Armenian tax authorities. According to Armenian
tax laws, two avenues exist for attaining tax residency and obtaining a
tax residency certificate, which serves as proof of one's tax residency
status. The first path deems an individual a tax resident if they spend
a minimum of 183 days in Armenia during a fiscal year.
An alternative route to securing a tax residency certificate involves
petitioning the tax office, even without fulfilling the 183-day
requirement, by substantiating that one's center of vital interest is
based in Armenia. As per the law, the center of vital interests is the
place where a person's family or economic interests are concentrated.
Specifically, if an individual's family resides in Armenia or if their
primary property or main economic (professional) activity takes place in
Armenia, the center of vital interests is considered to be in Armenia.
In simpler terms, if an individual can establish that their ties to
Armenia are stronger than their ties to any other country, they could
obtain a tax residency certificate even if they spend less than 183 days
in the country.

Tax residency certificate application process

Once one of the abovementioned criteria are met, an individual can apply
for a tax residency certificate at the Tax Service of the Republic of
Armenia. In order to do so, it is necessary to provide copies of
relevant documents indicating income received from abroad, as well as
copies of all passport pages. The Tax Service may also require
additional documentation as per their discretion.
Alternatively, the application for the tax residency certificate can be
submitted through a Power of Attorney, thereby eliminating the
requirement for physical presence. Upon submission of the application, a
response can be expected within two business days.
It should be noted that the tax residency certificate is issued
specifically for the particular year.

Tax obligations for digital nomads in Armenia

Digital nomads who acquire tax residency in Armenia bear certain tax
obligations. Generally, upon applying for a tax residence certificate,
individuals must declare the income they received from abroad in the
respective year. If taxable income has been obtained, an income tax
report must be submitted to the State Revenue Committee by April 20 of
the subsequent year.
Tax residents are liable for taxes on their worldwide income. However,
if taxes have already been paid in the country where the income was
earned, individuals are granted a tax credit equivalent to the taxes
already paid in that foreign jurisdiction. In other words, if the tax
rate in the foreign country surpasses that of Armenia, it is unlikely
that any taxes will be payable in Armenia.

Common misconceptions about tax residency in Armenia

The most common misconceptions surrounding tax residency in is that
obtaining a residence permit (temporary, permanent, or special)
automatically makes you a "tax resident". However, it is crucial to note
that tax residency is regulated by tax laws, not immigration laws.
Consequently, an individual only attains tax residency upon fulfilling
the requirements outlined in this article. Thus, it is possible to
possess a residence permit without being a tax resident, and vice versa.

Conclusion: Is tax residency in Armenia right for you?

Tax residency in Armenia can prove advantageous for digital nomads
seeking a low-tax jurisdiction that offers an appealing quality of life.
The country's straightforward tax system, expansive double tax treaty
network, and affordable cost of living render it an enticing
destination. Nevertheless, each digital nomad's circumstances are
unique, necessitating careful consideration of personal factors, tax
obligations, and long-term plans before reaching a decision.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



[]

[]

[]

[]

-   Company[]
    -   Registration
    -   Business Opportunities
    -   Taxation
    -   Employment
    -   Employer of Record
    -   Outsourcing
    -   Trademark
    -   Bank Account
-   Visa
-   Residence[]
    -   Residence
    -   Residence by Investment
    -   Digital Nomad Visa
-   Work Permit
-   Passport[]
    -   Citizenship
    -   Citizenship by Investment
-   []
-   Real Estate
-   Passport Programs
-   Updates
-   About us
-   []Contact Us

[]

[]

[]

[email protected] | +374.99.00.11.67 | WhatsApp | Skype | Viber |
Telegram

Navigating the Digital Nomad Visa Process: How to Become a Resident of Armenia

[Digital Nomad]

Every country has its own set of immigration rules and regulations,
making the process of obtaining a visa a daunting task. However, in
recent years, many countries have recognized the benefits of having
digital nomads in their economy. One such country is Armenia.

Introduction to Digital Nomad Visas

A digital nomad visa is a type of visa that allows remote workers to
work and live in a foreign country for an extended period. The visa is
perfect for people who can work from anywhere as long as they have a
laptop and an internet connection. Digital nomad visas are becoming
increasingly popular among remote workers as they provide an opportunity
to travel and work simultaneously.

What is the Digital Nomad Visa for Armenia?

Armenia allows remote workers from a number of countries to live and
work in Armenia visa-free for up to 180 days. Remote workers who stay
past the 180-day deadline can register as “private entrepreneurs” and
obtain one-year (temporary) or five-year (permanent) residence permits.
The above rules apply whether you are a freelancer, remote worker, or
self-employed. There is no minimum monthly income to show. However, an
immigration officer may want to make sure you are able to cover your
living expenses in Armenia.

Benefits of Obtaining a Digital Nomad Visa

Obtaining a digital nomad visa for Armenia comes with several benefits.
Firstly, Armenia is a beautiful country with a rich history and culture.
The country has a low cost of living, making it an affordable
destination for digital nomads. Secondly, Armenia has a fast and
reliable internet connection, which is crucial for remote workers.
Thirdly, the Armenian government is supportive of remote workers and has
introduced several initiatives to attract digital nomads to the country.
For instance, the government has introduced tax exemptions for newly
registered IT businesses, including “private entrepreneurs.” Lastly,
Armenia is strategically located between Europe and Asia, making it an
ideal base for digital nomads who want to explore both continents.

Requirements for Obtaining a Digital Nomad Visa in Armenia

To obtain a digital nomad visa (residence permit) in Armenia, you must
meet the following requirements:
1.Be a freelancer, remote worker, or self-employed
2.Register with the State Registry (an agency operating under the
Ministry of Justice) as a “private entrepreneur”
3.Pay taxes on income attributable to your Armenian business (unless you
are exempted from taxes)
4.Have a medical check certificate
5.Have a valid passport
6.Submit an application form
The residence permit application fee is AMD 105,000 (around $270) for a
temporary (one-year) permit and AMD 140,000 (around $365) for a
permanent (five-year) permit, and the processing time is approximately
45-55 days.

The Process of Obtaining a Digital Nomad Visa (Residence Permit) in Armenia

The process of obtaining a digital nomad visa (residence permit) in
Armenia is relatively straightforward. Firstly, you need to collect the
following documents:
1.A valid passport,
2.A notarized translation of the passport
3.A copy of the visa (or e-visa) or the entry stamp in your passport if
you are exempt from visa requirements.
4.A medical check certificate
5.Passport-sized photos (3)
6.Certificate of registration as “private entrepreneur” (or an LLC if
you prefer to set up a company in Armenia)
Next, you need to submit the above-mentioned documents to the
Citizenship and Migration Service․ To do so, you will need to book an
appointment online using a local cell phone number. You will also need
to fill out an application form in which you will need to specify the
nature of your activities, your address in Armenia and abroad, phone
numbers, email address, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, and the
type of residence permit you are applying for (temporary or permanent).
In addition to the application form you will also need to write a short
cover letter and a written consent to process your personal data.
Alternatively, you can give a power or attorney to your lawyer or other
representative to handle the paperwork.
You will pay the government fees at the time of the application.
The processing time is approximately 45-55 days. If your application is
approved, you will receive a residence permit that is valid for one year
(temporary permit) or five years (permanent permit).

Living in Armenia: Cost of Living and Lifestyle

Living in Armenia is affordable compared to many other European
countries. The cost of living is low, and you can enjoy a comfortable
lifestyle without breaking the bank. Armenia is a safe country, and the
people are friendly and welcoming to foreigners. The country has a rich
cultural heritage, and there are many historical sites to explore.
Additionally, Armenia has a vibrant food scene, and you can try out
different cuisines at affordable prices.

Armenia Citizenship by Investment

As of 2023, Armenia has plans of offering citizenship by investment
(CBI) to foreign investors who invest at least $150,000 in the country’s
economy. The citizenship by investment program offers several benefits,
including visa-free travel to over 60 countries, and the right to live
and work in Armenia. While the approval of the CBI program is still
pending digital nomads have the option of acquiring citizenship through
regular naturalization procedures after three years of residency in
Armenia. 

Conclusion: Is the Digital Nomad Visa (Residence Permit) for Armenia Right for You?

Armenia's digital nomad visa is an excellent option for remote workers
who want to explore a new country and culture. The visa is easy to
obtain, and the cost of living is affordable. Additionally, Armenia has
a fast and reliable internet connection, making it an ideal destination
for digital nomads.
If you plan to stay in Armenia for an extended period, you can apply for
a temporary resident permit or a PR card. In conclusion, if you are a
digital nomad looking for a new destination, Armenia should be on your
list. The country offers a unique blend of history, culture, and
affordability that is hard to find in many other countries.

What Makes Armenia a Good Choice for Residency 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

No Stay or Visit

Maintaining residency in Armenia does not require physical presence;
remote application is possible.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Fast and Easy

The residency application usually takes about 80 days and only a valid
passport is required. 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Family Covered

Residents can sponsor extended family for residency (parents, siblings,
grandchildren, etc.) 

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Citizenship Path

After living in Armenia for three years, citizenship can be obtained.
Dual citizenship is allowed.

Contact Us

We will be happy to answer your questions. Please fill out this form and
we will be in touch soon. 

2023.03.20 Residence

I wish to obtain: *

Temporary residence

Permanent residence

Passport (citizenship)

OtherOther

I wish to apply:

Remotely, without travelling to Armenia

In person

Family members and other dependents

I will apply alone

I also need residence for my family

To qualify for residency I am willing to:

Start a business in Armenia

Freelance or run an online business

Invest in stocks or bonds

Invest in an existing business

Invest in real estate

Make a charitable donation

OtherOther

I am also interested in:

Personal bank account

Corporate bank account

LLC for investment and asset protection

LLC for business income

Taxpayer identification number (TIN)

Tax residence certificate

Social security number (SSN)

Address registration

Driving license

Marriage registration

OtherOther

Citizenship * AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican
SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBonaire,
Sint Eustatius and SabaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet
IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBruneiBulgariaBurkina
FasoBurundiCôte d'IvoireCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman
IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos
(Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta
RicaCroatiaCubaCuracaoCyprusCzech
RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast
TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial
GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe
IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern
TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHeard
Island and McDonald IslandsHoly SeeHondurasHong
KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIrelandIsle of
ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLaosLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedoniaMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesiaMoldovaMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorth
KoreaNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua
New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussiaRwandaSaint BarthelemySaint Helena,
Ascension and Tristan da CunhaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint
Martin (French part)Saint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and the
GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi
ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSint Maarten (Dutch
part)SlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and
the South Sandwich IslandsSouth KoreaSouth SudanSpainSri
LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan
MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyriaTaiwanTajikistanTanzaniaThailandTimor-LesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad
and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos
IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited
StatesUnited States Minor Outlying
IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican CityVenezuelaVietnamVirgin
Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern
SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe

Email *

Questions and Comments

reCAPTCHA

Send Me More Information

If you are human, leave this field blank.

We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not
sell, rent, or lease our contact data or lists to third parties, and we
will not provide your personal information to any third party
individual, government agency, or company at any time.

[]

[]

Our Proven Process of Making Armenia Your Second Home

1

Preparation

As part of the preparation process, we will take care of translating
your passport, printing photos, and filling out the necessary forms.

4

Residency for Family

You can sponsor your spouse, children, parents, siblings, grandparents,
and grandchildren to obtain residency in Armenia.

2

Investment

In order to qualify for residency, you have the option of either making
a low-risk investment in government bonds or donating to a rural
development project.

5

SSN, Tax ID, Etc.

You can obtain a certificate of registered address, a social security
number, personal tax identification number, as well as a tax residency
certificate.

3

Residence Permit

Applicants can choose to apply for a temporary (1-year) or permanent
(5-year) residence permit remotely or in-person.

6

Bank Account

You can choose from 18 banks offering online and mobile banking, Visa
and MasterCard options, and up to 11% interest on deposits in AMD, RUR,
etc.

What Clients Say

“

Overall, I felt it could not have been any better. Everything was taken
care of so smoothly, effortlessly, and managed very well. 

Jagdish n.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

It is always daunting when dealing with immigration, visas etc in a
foreign country. The team at Vardanyan & Partners made the process for
registering the business and applying for residency so much easier. I
had no worries at all. The team overall really went out of their way to
accommodate and assist us.

Nadine B.

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

“

The team members were all professional, knowledgeable and most
importantly, honest. They are hard-working and patient and were always
responsive to my messages and questions. What I like most is, they are
very well organised and have a modern system of work.

H. Rassa

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

[]

Armenia is a captivating nation with a rich history and a promising
future. Our firm is wholeheartedly committed to supporting individuals
and businesses that recognize Armenia's potential and are eager to
contribute to its ongoing success.
We trust that this website will serve as a valuable resource for you in
gathering the information you need. Should you have any questions or
require further assistance, please feel free to get in touch with us.
You can easily contact us through various channels, such as completing
the form on our website, emailing us directly at [email protected], or
reaching out via phone or popular messaging apps like WhatsApp, Viber,
Telegram, and Skype at +374.99.00.11.67. We are always available to
assist you in any way possible.
Nerses Isajanyan
Managing Attorney
LL.M. Georgetown University, licensed to practice in both Armenia
(license no. 903) and New York (license no. 5148945)

[]

About Us

Vardanyan & Partners is a reputable law firm situated in Yerevan,
Armenia, which has been providing excellent legal services since its
establishment in 2012. Our team of locally licensed, English-speaking
attorneys specializes in immigration, incorporation, and compliance
matters, ensuring that clients receive expert legal guidance.  We are
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest changes in legislation
and regulations, ensuring that our clients receive the most relevant and
accurate advice. At Vardanyan & Partners, we place a strong emphasis on
honesty, transparency, and client care. 

-   []

    10+ years of specialized experience in immigration and busines
    setup.

-   []

    Fast and fluent communication in English and Russian. 24-hour
    response policy.  

-   []

    Secure online payments. No hidden charges. 

-   []

    Licensed and insured local attorneys. 

Where to find us

[]

4/3 Pirumyanner, Suite 12, Yerevan, 0054, Armenia

[]

[email protected]

[]

+37499001167

[]



